I now have to go and find batteries that will give me longer life than the kodak NiMH AA batteries.
Might as well just get alkaline disposables, or look elsewhere for a charger that comes with batteries that have better staying power.
I did a full charge of these batteries and they ran as long if not a bit longer than the Energizer batteries.
So once you calculate that these can be charged 800 times, they are a MUCH better deal than buying normal batteries all the time.
I also bought a 4 pack of the 1850mAh batteries because all the reviews said the charger came with 1700's and the 1850's were that much better.
One of the best chargers because it is lightweight, the plug can be folded into the charger, and is super fast!
A friend of mine bought a relatively expensive DVD player and it didn't have some of the features this unit has (albeit its a bit smaller).
I bought this player when it first came out; VHS/DVD combo players were brand new and seemed much more sensible than separate players.
The bottom line on this unit is that the DVD side looked very good and the VCR performed just about the same as my stand-alone units which I own.
The remote control that comes with the TV has no recall function, so I bought a Sony universal, which is a much better remote, that had the recall button on it.
Nowadays, though, Mini DV seems to be taking over with even smaller cassettes and better picture quality.
Yet.Enter the TRV-108, a nifty little video camera that uses the HiBand 8mm format, superior to 8mm, but certainly not in the ballpark of Digital8 or DV.
The camera is equipped with a nightshot mode that actually does work, amplifying light in dark areas, making the image more visible, if green.
Hi8 is fast fading into oblivion as MiniDV takes over the world and gets cheaper.
My old hi 8 went caput after 10 years use that was very trouble free.The new one has way more features that the 100 and costs much less.
This camera performs faster and is simpler to use than my old Sony.
The image is so much better than my phone new camcorder.
We dont intend to use it on the computer so the analog camera is a better deal for us than digital.
You can also choose the battery with the higher life time.4.
The majority of analog camcoders do not offer all the features as this, along with the quality and usability, the 608 is your best bargain.It is smaller than the average and yet has the larger screen (3 inch).
Dazzle USB brings in my movies faster with no post processing time, it also produces a MPEG-1 movie.
yes the picture qulaity is a little lower then the DV's but i dont know about you but i dont want to spend 1300 (I dont know about you brother but im not made of money) on a camra im not tha picky.
They sounded better than I had expected, though seemed to struggle a bit on bass side.
I wouldn't hesitate to buy again, though would consider upgrading to one of their higher-end models if fidelity was higher on the cost/fidelity preference scale.
Image quality is excellent, but we did notice that it performs better after it has 'warmed up'.
Fade in/out options are excellent and with the 'cinema' setting gives your production that 'ER' feel.I suspect that upgrading to a higher capacity battery may be a next step, but it lasted through the kid's party with ease.
I find the quality of the pictures with this camera as good if not better than anything else without going to digital.
I needed a third camcorder with NightShot for my paranormal investigations and since I have two Mini DV's, wanted a Hi8 because they record for so much longer (tape length).
One note, the built in NightShot on this camera is at least twice as bright as the NightShot on my two newer Mini DV models.
One of them was a near-perfect match for my Palm i705 stylus, and in fact fit even better than the factory stylus in that it isn't as tight a fit.
It's working fine so far & is waaaaay cheaper that ordering a replacement from Apple.
The only downside is that it's a bit less sleek and ergonomic than the Apple.
This product is much better than the Apple OEM charger in terms of durability.
At least it works which is better that Apple's cool looking charger that doesn't work long.BEWARE OF OTHER IMITATIONS!!!!
The only problem is that it is slightly more bulky than the apple one.
Much cheaper than a new apple adapter and works just as nicely.
It is also sturdier than the apple adaptor and does not have the annoying light.
Apple's version of the same product is substantially more expensive.
The adapter itself is actually lighter and more slender than the original, and appears durable so far.
I really disappointed....the charger looks different than my first ones, but it looks sturdier and better.
This one works fine, though it might charge the battery more slowly than the Apple brand charger did, or I could be imagining it.
But overall it does what it's supposed to do and it's a lot cheaper than the Apple cord.
Believe me, it's not worth the lower cost for this - just get a more expensive one that actually works.
Yes it's a lot cheaper than the other cords, but I'm just not sure its better.
This charger is a replacement for the one i lost but it works great because my G4 Battery actually last longer and this is an aftermarket charger it also maintains steady temp.
I think it's more flimsy than the Apple AC Adapter and so I question its ability to hold up to typical use in the long term.
It is not as pretty as the Apple adapter, but it's way cheaper and it does the job.
It also feels more durable than the Apple adapter, but that wasn't hard to do as the Apple one is extremely flaky.
Works just as good as the Apple chord for a lot less!
I've just had bad luck with Mac adapters.. this one is wonderfully long cord, much longer than apples' adapter..
The Macally Powerbook iBook AC adapter was much cheaper and works great.
It is is built sturdier than the Apple power cord, and best of all, it was less than half the price (Apple power cords cost you a hefty $80).
Who needs Mac accessories when you can have an equally good (or better) product like Macally powerbook Ibook ac adapter?
We turned to Amazon to order the Macally AC adapter with some trepidation because the price was lower than the Mac-made product.
A lot cheaper than the apple version but does the exact same thing.
It is sturdier than the Apple adapter, and so I feel it will last longer.
it came, it works and it is a lot cheaper than apple's outrageous replacement price
Price is much more affordable and after almost a year I have had no problems.
The laptop connecter is sturdier and other components appear to be adequate.
I'm very pleased with this product which costs less than half the price of Apple's sexy but hopelessly flawed accessory.
At first it appeared more durable and I only missed the lighted rim of the original a little bit.
My macally adapter is much more durable.
I read that its power output was slightly lower; frankly, I can't tell the difference.
Its power ratings are not exactly the same as the original 45W Apple adapter.
It actually charges my 12" Pbook slightly faster.
It costs less than half the original.The white brick is very light and there is a locking mechanism on the cable from the brick to the laptop.
After the cord frayed on the original, the thought of spending lots of money just to use an out of date laptop, was a bit much.This adapter gave us a less expensive alternative.
That's a lot of money for a cord that will in all probability break in around 8 months.The Macally is a great alternative - it's a lot cheaper and has been very, very durable.
It is more durable than the Apple adaptor, and it seems to expand longer too.
I actually like it better than the original one from Mac, smaller and somewhat handier.
I have ordered this for my laptop and find it is cheaper than buying one from the Apple store and works just as good.
It works fine and is a much better buy.
I take back my previous comments as now this adapter is dead, and MUCH faster than my original one.
Considerably less feeble or dangerous than the Mac adapter.
Works pretty well, but not quite as powerful as the mac one, so it takes a little longer to charge up the battery.
It quickly became a fire hazard and then broke.This power adapter is much better.
The plastic coating the wires is much thicker and sturdier than the Apple adapter.
It's a little less compact than the Apple cord and does not have the light that indicates that it is charging to the computer, but it's about 1/2 the price of those infernal Apple cords and I am happy.
I don't have one, but maybe the G3 draws less power than a G4 ibook, so 48 watt output might work fine for a G3.For some reason it is specified to also work with a G4 Powerbook.
Does that draw less power than a G4 ibook?
The Macally adapter is less than half the price, and it's built like a tank -- the wires are thicker, and the plastic is more durable.
charges a little more slowly than standard charger, but not a problem - gives full charge.
Much cheaper than Apple brand power adapter.
This adapter may not have the color-changing indicator light on the end to let you see if your laptop is fully charged or still charging, but its construction is much better than the original adapter, and I don't expect it to split open like my old one did.
it seems much more sturdy than the mac one.
I'll admit that I do miss the cool wrap-around-the-base feature of the Apple power adapter, but this one secures with velcro and is much higher quality.
Not only does this power adapter have better length, but also does not get as hot as the base of Apple's.
I love that the connection is more solid than Apple's.
The Apple one was a little easier to roll up and put away, but considering pro's and con's, this one if definitely just BETTER.
But this adapter was surprisingly worse the the original that came with the computer.They are sending me return authorization.
Still, came at a better price than Apple's and I got what I paid for.
so much more inexpensive than the apple adapter.
We have heard better sound on older VHS camcorders.
Overall, the quality was not that great, even in day-time shooting.I have a regular Sony Hi8 cam, and its low light and night capabilities are 100 times better.
I can't complain--I absolutely don't need still capabilities as I already have a much better compact digital camera than any camcorder offering.
I'm going to purchase the SCL-860 because it is same camera but newer version with image stabilization, photo mode, and remote control for $$$ ....
This is a great starter camera and I'm sure will last me until I have a better job and can afford a nice DV camera.
This samsung took better indoor shots than both the sony and jvc combined!
You think the new ones would have been better but the Samsung took way better inside shots.
If samsung ever made a hard drive camcorder with the same recording quality lens as this one I would buy it again.
The picture quality is a whole lot better than what I expected.
I gave it 5 stars because the price is cheaper than it should be.It is worth much more than it is.
But if I just compare the Cam....Samsung has far more features for the price.
The controls are awkward... even Sony's compact minidv camcorders have better buttons.
It does print slower, but I can always be guaranteed a perfect print everytime.
The printer can be tricky to install, however when I upgraded to Windows XP, XP easily set it up for me.
I recieved this printer for Christmas and I have to tell you this is the best printer I have ever used!It took me longer to take it out of the box than it took to set it up.
The Photosmart P 1215 is and older printer that is easier to use than some of the newer printers of ANY brand.
Printer ink for any of these older HP printers is relatively inexpensive and the cartridges last longer than DELL's or Epson's.
i have used many ipod, and i find no comparison between the two.the only downside, is that it is larger and bulkier than the ipod, so if you want it for everyday use, maybe an ipod would be better for you.
I thought "hm... maybe a little bit bigger than the Zen Vision M...?"
This thing is almost the exact same size as my Nintendo DS!
Think super old school Walkman but significantly heavier!
It looks similer to what was on my dell DJ which i sold 19 days after i got it.
I own the Zen Xtra, thought this was a upgrade, wrong, this unit functions like the ipod, no search function, poor screen vision and after 2 hours it froze had to remove battery to reboot.
They are better than any other bose headphone.
I bought and returned a number of the cheaper Sony alternatives after finding them dramatically inferior.
The QuietComfort 3 are the brand new version, they cost more, and they are "smaller and lighter".
The noise cancelling ability is pretty much exactly the same, and the long term comfort is FAR superior.
I feel like I'm listening to everything in a cave.As for drowning out the cafe rustle, it did that, but just slightly better than the Triports.
Those are not as comfortable, but the sound is true to life and better than I've ever heard through a pair of headphones.
Then this morning, I went to put them on my head, and the headband cracked, making them pretty much useless.I've had $50 headphones built much more solidly than these.
Although the QC2s are larger, when either pair is in its carrying case, they take up the same amount of space.
On the QC2, the build quality is even worse.
Not much better than the microscopic ones on my laptop.3.
Next time I will know better and go with Dell.
This windshield mount works better than the original one supplied with the GPS.
Worst case scenario you could probably set up your own LED lighting and it'd probably look better.
Way cheaper than buying filters for each lens
The diameter is larger than the slots of the P series filter holder.
This tuner costs more than other brands, but I feel it is well worth it.
I then purchased a more powerful cable amplifier and was able to receive 6 digital channels.
The price was much lower than other 100-400s.
It focuses much quicker than my 28-300 and can follow flying model airplanes and get the shot every time.
The sound from its lightweight speakers is at least as "present" and loud as the Saitek unit, though bass frequencies are slightly more muffled.
The Cyber Acoustics Portable is not quite as "grip friendly" as the Saitek's narrow, flatter design, which is also lighter overall in weight when used with batteries, employing 4 AAA batteries as compared to the Cyber Acoustics' 4 AAs.
This was better than a more expensive one I had purchased at the "shack"!
The only recommendation would be to make the blue indicator light a little less bright.
The sound was just really flat...not much better than my laptop's speaker, in fact.
These buds work fine, but I liked my Shure E2c better.
These are an upgrade fro me from a pair of Sony EX51s (with which I was happy, but I wanted to leave them at work).
For almost the same price, they offer a higher noise isolation, i've compared them in outdoor environments.
These earbuds are more costly and less comfortable than the $50 S**y in-the-ear phones.
Of course this is actually made by Shure not Creative but its the same price as the E2C yet as slim as the E3C.
Shure has better warranty service if you need it though and you might if you travel alot.
Can play music at much lower levels than the ear-buds that come with an iPod.
The sound quality is far superior to that of other In-Ear headphones that I've tried, namely Sony and even worse, the new Bose In-Ear Headphones.
The Aurvana sounds more articulate than PX100 in mid range.
However, Aurvana has a serious drawback in lower bass range.
I have another set of cheaper earphones that don't sound anywhere near this good or block out the noise but it has a 90 degree plug in which I dearly miss.
I have a friend with one of those, and it works drastically better.
I have it tied to my Autocom AVI pro unit and it gives very clear audio and better sterio Mp3 sound than my little Zen Mp3 player did when it was tied to the Autocom.
The Mapsource Software is not as user friendly as the MicroSoft Streets and Trips I am used to but maybe with more practice I'll become more profficient with it?.
The unit does have some nice features but its lack of dependability make it more toy than tool.
This is my second motorcycle GPS and it definitely comes much closer to perfect than my previous one.
Awesome product, easy to learn to use, and even easier to use on the motorcycle even when moving.
My second Zumo was purchased for a second motorcycle and I did not want to just switch it from bike to bike, although that would have been a bit less costly.That said,the Zumo 550 is the best alround unit for motorcycles , especially BMW models as they come prewired for the Zumo if you buy the BMW version.
The screen although not as big as most newer units is easy to view and the brightness settings are more then adequate for visibility in a variety of lighting conditions.
The newer generation units simply look like modified versions of the significantly cheaper standard NUVI GPSs.
The Bluetooth speakerphone works OK and has an excellent phone contact lookup interface when connected (eventually I got a Motorola Rockr that gives better sound quality, but I do miss the Zumo phone features).I like the Garmin map interface much more than the others I have tried.
It calculates directions fast and aquires satelites even quicker.
The 550 is as good if not better than my factory installed car GPS.
It even works in every room of my house unlike the older garmin units that required a clear view of the sky.
Put it on the windshield clip and watched them work at the same time... Zumo is a better car GPS too.
I use the Zumo with my Scala Rider Q2, and have found that I can not get near the same volume with phone calls through the GPS as I could directly through the Q2.
After using a Garmin GPS60 in my travels, using the ZUMO 550 was a great improvement.
It makes it teriffic for motorcycle or marine use, though.However, the supplied car mount has a speaker that is much better than the majority of self-contained gps speakers that I've heard.
The Zumo is considerably lighter and smaller, it computes routes much faster, has good on-screen data arrangement, is easy to use and operate on the fly, and is fairly straight forward in operation and learning its use.
I am not interested in the Blue Tooth feature, but there are slightly better voice prompts with the 550 over the 450.
It to had a large screen, but this one is more readable with larger icons.
But the software and maps are basically the same for most GPS devices.
It does what most GPS's do....just at a significantly (outrageously) higher price.
My iPhone with Google maps gives far better, more readable maps.
It take longer to type in destinations because we are so accustom to the qwerty keyboard, the alphabetical gets confusing, strange to say.
Today, 10/6/10, I understand it's still about the same scenario as far as routing software goes.
"I have no experience with any other GPS, but I have to believe that others have a better, much better, human interface.
The Zumo finds position faster than my iWay.
It's like all Garmin units when it comes to typing in points of interest (somewhat tedious, but simple) and the accuracy is better than on my old GPS V and Nuvi.I bit the bullet and also bought the GXM30 antenna, as I use the ZUMO to listen to XM radio and it works very well for this with no additional grounding needed.
I paid close to $1,000.00 for this product and it has in some instances less capability than a basic model.
The unit is unbelievable compared to earlier units I've had ..
It couldn't bee seen much better than My Magellan in sunlight and the map area on the screen was too small due to the on screen menu items.
It is probably easier for a user to learn it that has not used a different system.
This Garmin model 5550 is supplied with more accessories than the TomTom Rider.
The Zumo has cured the many problems inherent in the older models.
Also it is so much easier to use while on the motorcycle, even while wearing gloves.Even though the CD is rudimentary, and there is no paper manual, the software is intuitive and easy to use.
Unfortunately the current Mapsource maps are not any easier to use in planning a ride on the PC than the prior offerings.Many of the back roads I use are not visible on Mapsource until the scale is down to .3 of a mile.
I purchased the Zumo 550 after seeing something very similar at the Harley shop for a good bit more money.
The screen is brighter and easier to read.
Better than all the Magelan's I have purchased over the years.
The 550 is a marked improvement over the other Garmin GPS's I have owned.I have found only one glitch in the program; it doesn't know where home is.
I bought the 810 model, which is similar.
To add to the comments above, I have had one of these cards in my system for 2 weeks now since buying a HP Media Centre, and honestly you're better off with a cheap Freeview USB stick if you want TV on your PC.
The support is excellent and the new (free) OS2008 upgrade even makes it run faster.
Picks up more local Wifi signals than both of our laptops would.-Camera is great added feature!
Also new OS has Flash 9 for smoother video.
I bought the Nokia N800 and find myself using it more than my laptop because it is faster and more convenient.
If surfing the web and playing music is what you're after then by an ipod touch as it's a much more polished device.If you add some software you can do much more.
A bit heavier but LOTS more power.
Web surfing is relatively fast and the pages are much easier to read than those found on cellphone type systems.There are some caveats, however.
A free software upgrade to OS2008 (about 134MB download) will bring the N800 up to date with the current model.The only real difference between these units is the type of memory they use (N800 uses SD or SDHC, while the N810 uses the smaller miniSD and MicroSD cards) Currently this means that the N800 can hold more data (8GB x 2 card bays).
If you don't need GPS and are looking for a better browser than the iPhone's Safari, this is it!A FEW WORDS OF WARNING BEFORE YOU PURCHASE THE N800 OR N810...1.
While more compact and slick, the iPhone's screen is smaller than the internet tablet.
Browsing the web is a little more challenging as you zoom in, scroll around and tap for the link you want.
Nokia's OS2008 is more finger friendly than ever, but you can still use a stylus to tap on where you want to go.The Tablet media player is finger friendly, but Canola2 is a big improvement.
It is faster.
Things are faster, simpler.Skype can now use the camera on the N800, so you now have one of the least expensive portable video conferencing devices you can buy.It really takes the N800 to the next level.
The N800 has a bigger screen and the benefit of an open OS.
Besides some other minor differences (memory card size/placement, amount of on-board ram) it is the same hardware as the N800, and the N800 is half as much as a N810.
It also seems the N800 is also more suitable for multimedia use than the N810 since you can store more data on the device.
I purchased the N800 as an upgrade from the Nokia 770, a product that was a good value.
The stereo speakers are a huge improvement and the upgraded web browser handles every web page I've visited.
The only flaw I've found with it is that its wireless reception is a bit weaker than typical notebooks, so you must be relatively closer to the router.
At home (with a personal WiFi net), it's a whole lot easier to sit down at breakfast and read my RSS newspaper feeds on the N800 than my laptop.
If you have some experience with a Unix command line interface, you'll be able to get more from this device.This was a good deal at about $200 (from Dell) or $220 (from Amazon in May 2008), which is a few bucks more expensive than a portable DVD player, and more useful while traveling.
But, it is obviously smaller than a notebook.The on-screen keyboard is surprisingly good.
It's a whole lot cheaper than most devices that fill the same function, and a great place to start with this type of tinkering.Basically, it's a hacking toy, and not for the casual user.
Didn't try video yet.- xterm, ssh, vncviewer access makes it even more powerful (And that's why it's better than an iPhone for me).
The N800 impressed me,it's small and light ,fits in a pocket.It has many great features including mp3 player ,net browser,games, alarm.The screen resolution is amazing,really clear it can show a full web page.It seems much more advanced than the IPOD Touch that I considered.
The Nokia has a larger clearer screen,built in speaker and 2 sd card slots meaning you can have great capacity,I currently have 8gb and 2gb for a total of 10gb, can always buy a 16gb card in future.
My laptop is obviously much more accommodating.
The I-phone does a better job with the visibility issue.NOKIA DOWNLOADS - I am having trouble finding just where there might be a complete list of available downloads for this great little thing.
I have downloaded a lot of my digital music, and it is easier to use for choosing selections than my daughter's mp3 player.
All the geeks on the net were drooling about the resolution on this thing, being higher than iPhone, iPod Touch etc.
Some portions of the screen is lighter than others.
Ipod Touch may have a lower resolution, but, boy, how nice it is to read internet pages on that one.
And both iPod Touch and Palm TX have smaller screens than N800.
As for web browsing, it just doesn't have the processor speed, even with the best WiFi connection, to render many sites smoothly.Nokia has provided the same software (version OS2008) to users of the N800 as runs on the newer N810.
You can use the attached webcam to take the same type of crummy photos you'd take with a cell phone.It has two SD slots, one internal, one external.
I find i use it more than my macbook.
Also, the Eee price is almost the same as I spent for all the N800 + accessories + SD memory.For day trips, the N800 is clearly the better form factor for mapping and longer battery life.Memory expansion/swapping it key.
better than carrying a laptop...
you will make alot more sales..
WiFi is stronger than my laptop and I am pleased with the response I get with the Web browser.
That makes it more useful.
With the Nokia N800 camera (which pops out of the top looking a little like a tiny periscope) you can take really unattractive pictures of yourself talking in your Skype calls or doing video emails to cheer your loved ones far away.Nokia N800 has a larger screen than the iPhone.
The controls on the Nokia are easier to adjust for reading.
The wireless capabilities are about the same.
It is much better than a PDA phone, since you get full web pages displayed, and much more portable than my laptop.
The built-in video conferencing is usable, but it's no replacement for desktop video conferencing solutions -- however it was actually better than some desktop programs I've tested.
If your first and foremost concern is to have media player, you're probably better off with an iPod.
If your first and foremost concern is Internet access, then the Nokia N800 is a much better choice.
Although higher-priced and newer, it is a companion model to the Nokia N800 rather than a successor or replacement.
It is priced much cheaper than the UMPCs and this is still more mobile than those.I am not one for convergence (yet).
Devices running the most recent Palm and Windows Mobile operating systems are better equipped overall than the N800.Connectivity to WiFi is a no-brainer.
Oh did I mention that all this is a little over $200 - half of what you pay for an Ipod Touch and you get so much more.
