This camera has just a bit higher learning curve than the Canon SLRs I 've used but about the same with the Nikons . 
The one this camera takes is the smallest capacity battery in the series ( which is fine , the other batteries would be much too large ) . 
Also , a sport mode would make one of the best benefits of the D-SLR on the consumer level , a bit more user-friendly . 
Sony boasts that this processor is hardware-based rather than software based , to improve response time , but I do n't see much of a difference between this and other good digital SLR cameras . 
Some of Sony 's high end point and shoots have this lens with the same construction specs . 
In their new , more economical , Cybershot W series , the lenses are called Carl Zeiss but are actually of a cheaper construction ( 6 elements in 5 groups ) . 
The quality is not nearly as good so do n't let the name fool you . 
It works a little better , but not perfect . 
D80 has more buttons and dials than Xti and yet most adjustments need two button operation . 
XTi is able to achieve the same functions with fewer buttons , that are intuitive . 
I felt more comfortable with XTi and some of my friends felt more comfortable with D80 . 
But as far as the design goes , I feel that Canon is a clear winner . 
D80 gave the option of adjusting ISO sensitivity in small increments as opposed to only doubling on XTi and I think that is a nice feature on D80 . 
Image quality is excellent on both . 
The reviews tend to favor D80 slightly , but I am not sure if that is not a bias towards the Nikon brand . 
This one is a lot like that , but quicker , better , super easy , and prints are far more gorgeous . 
All in all canon makes better image sensors than really any of the competition , they have been a leader in auto focus lenses and quality in `` glass '' for a long time . 
The lens kit is decent , it could be better but its still good for my purposes . 
Maybe they should of kept the smaller LCD and a status LCD . 
Overall a camera I would highly recommond over Nikkon D80 if you have a low bugget . 
It is the same camera but just lacking some features that you CAN live without . 
I am also comparing it to my canon 30D ( sold the XT to buy the 30D ) which it can not keep up with in any situation . 
Canon 's third generation Rebel XTi/EOS400D has a larger LCD ... 
This camera offers the same accoutrements as most professional DSLRs , without the price . 
Professional DSLRs like the Canon 5D are made of composite metal compounds that are significantly more heavy duty and significantly heavier . 
That said , the larger LCD screen is really an improvement . 
Obviously with a larger file size , the benefits of moving to an 80x or even a 120x card soon become plain , particularly if you intend to take advantage of the 3fps shooting for sports shots . 
Well grip a little smaller but even then I have n't find any difficulty handling it . 
He says it 's the best gift he 's ever received ! 
Right out of the box this camera blew all my other pictures away . 
This is probably the best camera I 've ever used . 
Even bad performing high ISO digital performance is light years ahead of anything I ever got with a film camera with the sole exception of large format photography ( because you do n't enlarge it so much , so the grain is n't as obvious ) . 
Performance in the ranges from 100-400 ISO is almost identical with only slight degredation from 500-800 . 
That is a statement that I could not make about the D70 or D100 or earlier cameras likes the D1X . 
It becomes noticeably less sharp above 800 but still quite usable and WAY better than ISO 800 film ever was . 
I feel that the D80 gives me results closer to MY expectations of exposure . 
I find the D80 comes very close . . 
perhaps a little lower than I prefer but still very close to MY IDEAL exposure . 
In addition I find that the meter is more accurate in odd lighting situations like night photography and side lighting . 
Its got to be the best bang for your buck pro level film SLR ever made . 
The D80 has a ( theoretically ) far superior 480 segment color matrix meter vs the F100 . 
My conclusion is that if there is any difference in metering between the D70/D80/D200 / D2X then its a software tweak and not a hardware issue . 
Do n't be over-awed by the 10.2 MP size versus the 6.1 of the D70 . 
The reality is that both cameras make stunning 8x10 prints and can be easily massaged to the 11x14 , 13x19 and sometimes as far as 16x20 with far more ease than 35mm film could ever do . 
I have several 13x19 images made from D70 's that rival anything I ever did with a 35mm camera . 
The flash synch for the D80 is 1/200th vs. the 1/500th of the D70 . 
The D80 would benefit from the electronic shutter of the D70 along with its lower base ISO of 100 . 
I know this sounds really esoteric , but if you have a handheld color meter you will never get more accurate results than with this method . 
In addition the IR remote operation is MUCH improved . 
With the D80 you can set the amount of time you want the camera to be in IR mode and this is a HUGE improvement . 
The SD vs. the CF card is an issue that I thought I had a problem with . 
It uses the dual command dials found on the D70 and higher DSLR 's and not the more cumbersome single dial of the D50 . 
As a comparison to see what a huge difference the sensor size makes on file size ... my D70 can get 291 Fine JPEGS at maximum size on a 1GB card . 
I read a review of the D200 that mentioned this so I paid close attention to my images vs. the D70 and it is true . 
If so , then you need to buy lenses and if money is tight you would be better served with a cheaper D40 since it offers the same image quality without some of the extra `` ease of use '' features but allows you to have more money for lenses . 
Then the D80 is more camera than you need . 
The D40/50/70 will deliver everything you need for a lot less money . 
If this describes your style then you really are not getting anything less by buying a cheaper D40/50/70 since all those cameras have great image quality and fantastic auto-everything modes . 
I think the D80 can hold up as well as any other camera in everything except the most hostile conditions . 
If you are hard on your gear and replace you gear more often because of breakage than wearing it out , then the D2X is a better buy . 
If you are easier on your gear then the D80 might make perfect sense for you . 
You can argue minutia and point out things like matrix meter pixel density , max frames per second , AF metering modes etc. ... but realistically the difference between the D200 and the D80 can be reduced to two points construction quality and the ability to use MF lenses on the D200 . 
Realistically there will be no difference in your photos . 
If you get bad results with your D70 you will be just as unhappy with a D80 . 
then the D80 may be the perfect upgrade . 
You 'd be hard pressed to find too many ( meaningful ) things that a D80 ca n't do vs. a D200 or even a D2X . 
The body is not weatherproofed like the D200 and D2X but that does not mean that it lets all the elements in . 
The Wide Area AF option gives greater compositional freedom when shooting sports and action . 
& # 149 Large , Bright Viewfinder The optical glass pentaprism viewfinder features a large 0.94 x magnification that ensures the clearest view possible for precise and easy composition , while overall viewfinder brightness makes low-light photography possible . 
& # 149 In-camera Image Editing and Effects Creative in-camera effects and editing functions are available under the Retouch menu , and provide greater creative freedom without the need of a computer . 
& # 149 Seamless Integration with Nikon 's Total Imaging System The Nikon D80 provides unprecedented compatibility with Nikon 's lineup of AF Nikkor lenses and digital-exclusive DX Nikkor lenses . 
I think that 's pretty sad because the D80 is not only a worthy successor to the D70 but I strongly feel that it 's the first DSLR good enough to be your LAST DSLR . 
Sure I would love extensive gasketing of all the joints and weatherproof buttons , but it 's not as critical as it used to be with film cameras that had a huge film door that let in dirt and dust directly into the internal parts of the camera . 
Featuring an innovative user interface that provides easier access to powerful and visually intuitive enhancement tools , Capture NX 's powerful photo image processing and editing tools can also be applied to JPEG and TIFF files to satisfy a broader range of photofinishing needs and applications . 
Ergonomics/Layout : Nikon made many improvements on the D70 platform when it released the D80 . 
In general everything is laid out in a very traditional way just like the D70 but there have been a few tweaks on the outside that stand out . 
You can finally show someone a picture on the back of your camera and they can actually tell what it is :-) I must point out that even though it is much bigger and has much better resolution the LCD is still not so good that you can look at the image you have taken and KNOW you have nailed every critical focus or exposure detail . 
I love the bigger brighter LCD but it 's not big enough to be used for critical proofing . 
To be fair , no LCD on any camera I have ever used is big enough for that level of critique but I admit that it ever so much easier to see the details on the bigger screen . 
The D80 employs a separate replaceable plastic LCD cover like most other Nikon DSLR 's to protect the LCD . 
This is largely a function of the much smaller SD media . 
Its obvious that DSLR 's are delivering performance that exceeds what most people were achieving with their 35mm film cameras . 
YES !!! I use a cable release all the time and I much prefer it to shutter timers or the IR remote control . 
The D70 has the USB connection in a separate compartment by itself and I did prefer that arrangement but I ca n't exactly explain why . 
I have to be honest , the function button is where the DOF preview button should be and the function button would be better off on the back of the camera . 
I would prefer a more traditional DOF preview placement . 
The accessories list for the D80 is a mile long and it shares a lot of expandability with its bigger brothers ( D200 and D2X ) . 
Or perhaps the new CCD is less prone to hot spots . 
Lens Speaking of which , take the $ 700 you 'd save compared to the D200 and buy some decent lenses . 
This is because unlike Nikon with its standardized sensor size and a 1.5 lens conversion ratio ( that is , a 30 mm lens on a DX sensor will give an image roughly equivalent to a lens of 30 x 1.5 = 45 mm on a 35 mm camera ) , the Canon cameras have sensors of every different size from a 1.3 conversion ratio to 1.6 . 
The argument as for which sized sensors are better often runs like the arguments between EMACS and VI users ( VI is better of course , it stands for Very Intuitive , after all ! ) 
or those between adherents of the M-16 and AK-47 ( The AKs are better of course , as the girls in Izhevsk are much prettier than those in Columbus , SC ) ... :-) Of course , the bigger the sensor size , the better , theoretically , except it cost a lot more , which means you have less money to spend on what 's really important , the lenses . 
This is all beyond the scope of this review , and needless to say , Google or Wiki can explain this much better than I. But damn , the 5D cost over $ 1000 more than the D200 . 
Compare that with Nikon -- the power switch and shutter release button is in one location . 
I also found the dial controls on the Canon to be sub par . 
Whereas on a Nikon , one can control almost everything without taking the hand off the grip -- with index finger on shutter release , middle finger on front control wheel , and thump on secondary control wheel , the Canon controls seem to be thrown at which ever random location . 
DPReview 's comments on this issue regarding the newly released 400D : I wo n't repeat myself , it 's clear Canon has no interest in addressing the design flaw which has affected every Canon digital SLR since the EOS D30 . 
Given this , the Alpha is not a serious contender . 
D200 or the D80 After having decided to stay with Nikon , I was about to purchase a D200 . 
The D80 is compatible with the D50/D70 remote control . 
Cleaner photos at high ISOs -- no banding problems what-so-ever at 1600 ISO or even pushed to 3200 . 
I expect that Nikon will fix these problems on the D200 with a firmware update , so this is probably not a permanent advantage for the D80 . 
Advantages of a D200 A bigger buffer allows you to take more photos in succession . 
Canon 5D The only Canon camera I considered was the Canon 5D . 
A workaround would be to shoot at a slower shutter speed , and to keep ISO no lower than 400 . 
With the in-body SSS ( image stabilization ) , it is now possible to shoot at incredibly slower shutter speeds . 
I would only recommend not getting it if you plan on getting a higher quality wide-angle lens ( many users on forums who buy a nicer lens end up selling it on ebay or leaving it on their shelf ) . 
The 10.2 MP resolution the D80 is a significant jump from the 6.1 MP resolution that the D50/D70/D70s have . 
The viewfinder is one of many parts that the D80 shares with the D200 and has 0.94 x magnification . 
The D80 supports shooting at 3 fps which is slightly faster than the D50 ( 2.5 fps ) and slower than the D200 which can shoot at a blazing fast 5fps . 
This is one better than the D70/D70s since you could n't use the built-in flash on that camera when you used the camera as the wireless flash commander . 
A definite step-up from the D50/D70/D70s which did not have an RGB histogram . 
The D80 also has an image overlay feature similar to the D200 but I 've not played around with this yet . 
The front dial was lacking in the D50 and I 'm glad it 's on the D80 . 
The D80 shares the same 2.5 '' 230k LCD screen with the D200 . 
The D80 comes with an LCD cover which is also another welcome addition from the D50 . 
This is a welcome change since Nikon did not offer this option on the D50/D70/D70s and owners had to buy third-party grip if they wanted extra juice . 
Overall , the D80 build quality , while not up to the pro-level ruggedness of the D200 , is what you would expect from Nikon . 
This compares favorably to the build of most of the D80 's competitors . 
What I liked : Miscellaneous One other thing I really like about the D80 ( also on the D50 and I believe the D70/D70s ) is the inexpensive wireless remote ML-L3 . 
At $ 20 , the ML-L3 is one of the best bargains going in Nikon-land . 
Someone coming from a D50/D70/D70s will be up and running as the layout of the D80 is very similar to the D50/D70/D70s cameras . 
However , the cameras that the D80 is competing against are smaller still so it 's hard to fault the D80 too much . 
Unlike the D200 , the D80 can not use non-CPU manual lenses so that limits your lens selection somewhat . 
I should also mention here that the D50/D70/D70s did not have this capability either . 
Oh well ... Compared to the D50 and D200 The D80 is about $ 400 more than the D50 and $ 700 less than the D200 . 
For the $ 400 premium over the D50 , you get 10.2 MB vs 6.1 MP , an 11 area AF system vs 5 for the D50 , several buttons on the body so functions are not buried in the menus , and a depth of field preview button . 
What the D80 does not have is the D200 's rugged magnesium body and weather sealing . 
The D80 also tops out at 1/4000 shutter speed vs 1/8000 for the D200 , flash sync of 1/200 vs 1/500 , and 3fps vs 5fps . 
One other difference that could be a deal breaker is the D80 uses SD while the D200 uses CF cards . 
I looked at a few others but nothing really compared with the Canon . 
The D80 is the next generation to the Nikon D70 . 
No question , the best bargain on high quality . 
The rechargeable battery is also slightly different , so the spare D70 batteries will not be compatible . 
They have the best product on the market as far as I 'm concerned . 
One of the sharpest AF lenses on the market is also one of the least expensive ... The Nikon basic 50mm . 
Compared to the D70 screen , it looks like one of those big livingroom widescreens . 
Checking `` eyes '' on portraits just got a LOT easier . 
The Nikon D80 is a superb creation and a big step up from the D70 ( which is a great camera in itself ) . 
The D80 body is actually lighter than the D70 ! 
It 's a very solid camera that compares with models costing far more . 
I have not seen another that I consider better , or even as good . 
Sound clarity is as good as my handset earpiece . 
Somehow it just never had the punch per dollar of the beloved D70 or D70s . 
It was better , but just a lousy value for 1700 dollars . 
I just sold it for the D80 and here 's why : The new Nikon D80 is a 10 megapixel DSLR that essentially packs the same image quality of the D200 . 
In fact I think the D80 is better at handling noise and suppressing banding artifacts at higher ISO 's . 
This camera gives Canon a run for the money at high ISO 's ... a first for Nikon in such a capable package . 
It 's probably likely that a D200 can match the D80 high ISO performance in post processing . 
The upshot of this is that the D80 , smaller than the D70 and D200 may be the best upgrade from a P&S camera ever built . 
It allows a new user to get excellent results without the heavy post processing required for a D70 , D200 or D2H . 
Frankly , I think those models should also have the simple shooting modes of the D80 , but that 's another debate . 
Frankly , it 's just as capable as the D200 EXCEPT for the lower frame rate . 
All are fantastic cameras . 
But you can really only compare the D80 to the D200 , which incorporate ( at last ! ) 
This single improvement is the BIGGEST reason to upgrade to a D80 or D200 as it allows for proper composition in all light and good manual focus . 
A D200 offers a smattering of nice little convenient features , but the main REAL WORLD DIFFERENCE is the faster frame rate . 
In every other way the D80 is just as good and it produces better images with less fuss in JPEG mode . 
Since I shoot JPEG for event shooting , the D80 gives me much faster workflow than the D200 . 
That 's 3 times better than my D200 , which really crippled me at times due to the power it needed . 
Larger models balance a bit better . 
On the other hand I actually prefer the D80 handling with smaller lenses , which is what 's on my camera 80 % of the time . 
It produces some of the best high ISO shots ever with smooth , yet detailed images . 
Sharpness : Well , some `` pro '' reviews have called the D80 soft , but it seems that when I study shots online and compare mine to those from Canon I 'm getting excellent sharpness . 
This is the downside of higher megapixel cameras as they show greater softness with mediocre glass . 
It happens to be one of the sharpest lenses ever built . 
Tests from DPreview , for example , are using a lens that lacks ultimate sharpness for the Nikon/Sony sensor . 
I 've seen 4 units and they all had hot pixels . 
Newbies will enjoy this camera 's Jpeg quality straight out of the camera ( a weakness for all but the D50 ) . 
While many will seek a higher end model for professional use , this is every bit as capable for many applications and will certainly sneak into some pro kits . 
Some folks are complaining about the use of SD cards on the D80 instead of the larger CF cards . 
Nikon 's D80 was designed to be a first time DSLR to some extent , but at 999.00 it 's too expensive for many compared to a D50 for almost half the price . 
It lacks the weather sealing of some higher end models . 
The D80 is a great camera for the enthusiast , a capable model for pro applications ( hindered a bit for action by a slower frame rate of 3 FPS compared to a D200 at 5 FPS or a D2H at close to 8 FPS ) . 
For many of us , this is the best Nikon DSLR at any price and I absolutely prefer it to my now sold D200 . 
Canon makes great gear as well , but I prefer the handling of the Nikon stuff and the amazing glass . 
But EVERY DSLR on the market takes great pics once you practice . 
The unit is slightly larger then the D50 and slightly smaller then the D70 . 
At 3fps you will not be firing off a machine gun like the D200 , however , you will have enough speed to capture demanding sporting events . 
In lowlight at ISO 1600 noise is much better then its bigger brother the D200 . 
Amazingly , however , I find the D50 a tad better on colors . 
Highly recommended over Canon sub $ 1000 units ( 400 and 350 XTi ) . 
It makes me previous D50 look like a plastic toy with no magnification ! 
Not as good as an F-body but pretty darn good ! 
my 1st impression of the A100 was that its a smaller camera than i thought , its about the size of my Panasonic FZ30 , yes the A100 is a smaller dslr body , its light and made out of light plastic , made in Malasia , versus the R1 made in Japan , the A100 is very easy to use , the menu is in big fonts size , the AF is quite fast , i have tested about 200 shots with a Sigma 28-70mm f2 .8 , in diff condi , i 've noticed some noise at iso200 , its gets more noise at 400 even with noise reduction on , but not too bad . 
The camera is compact compared to the D2X and D200 , but is not too small for large hands , as I find the cheaper Canons to be . 
Like other Nikon dSLRs , the D80 has an independent AF-assist light ( some other cameras rely on the flash unit for this ) . 
For AF lenses utilizing the screw-driven focusing mechanism , there is a noticeable increase in focusing speed over the D50 . 
The LCD is the best I 've seen to date on any camera . 
Similarly , the viewfinder is a major improvement over both the D50 and the D70 series . 
Rather than utilizing a cheaper pentamirror like some of the competition , Nikon elects to use a genuine pentaprism which allows the finder to be nice and bright . 
I was concerned initially because the ergonomics of the grip have been ever so slightly modified ( more like that of the D70s than the D50 ) , and I really liked the feel of the D50 . 
There 's no discernible shutter lag , and shot-to-shot time is as fast as you need it to be . 
Canon 's on-board flashes have never had the same metering as the add-on external flashes , whereas with the D80 , the built-in flash gave absolutely perfect exposures . 
Taking photos as part of my profession ( medical ) for over twenty five years I can assure this is one of the best cameras I have ever owned . 
Nikon optics are without question among the worlds best and Nikon has a SLR digital camera to match at a reasonable price . 
It is like the difference between a chevy and a Lexus . 
I have an SB-800 , and the camera can control it as a slave , no need to use an 800 as a master as the D80 does it ! 
Do n't buy an aftermaket flash ... the nikon works that much better . 
All great cameras , but I like this one more ... it just moves . 
It 's not like the D200 , which I think is heavy , so I prefer the lightness it offers . 
But then comes the D80 with almost everything I loved about the D70s and at 10.2 megapixel how could I say no . 
I have had it for 2 days and am extatic to see that it simulates iso 100 whereas my D70s only did iso 200 . 
That , and the fact that it takes about 4x the number of shots per charge than the Canon 400D , made it a dealbreaker . 
The D80 is an incredible camera with one of the easiest Digital menus in an SLR today . 
I just recently moved from an Nikon F100 to a D80 and this is not a step down . 
Sure Canon has the same MP , but you may miss the shot thumbing through cumbersome menus . 
My story is that I bought a D80 with the 18 - 55mm kit lens ... I heard great things about the Canon Xti ... So I decided to give it a try as well ... I was disappointed , I shot some photos of my girlfriend with both cameras , compared the quality , D80 beat the XTI by far on MY opinion ... I returned the XTI and the 18 - 55mm lens , I got 2 different Nikkor lenses : 28 - 80mm and 70 - 300mm . 
The camera is beautiful , the body is just awesome , I thought I was going to like the xti being a little smaller , but it felt like a cheap toy , I did n't feel right with it , the D80 's got to be the best purchase I 've in a while . 
I loaded the images on the computer I printed them , and it 's by far more impressive then I had hoped it would be . 
Printed they look as good as any 35mm I have shot . 
I was comparing this camera to the Canon XTi ( aka 400D ) and the Sony Alpha ( as , I 'm guessing , everyone is ) and I 'm glad I chose this one . 
The Sony Alpha felt so cheap when I tried it , and the Canon XTi as well . 
This is of course not the reason why I chose the D80 , but I 've done A LOT of research during the last 3 months and everyone seemed to agree about the fact that the D80 is the best among the 3 . 
Probably the Sony offers the best price at the range of features it is offering but my suggestion is add the extra money and you will not regret it . 
With the polarizer the colours were rich and vibrant ( right out of the camera ) @ so much better than any other digital camera I 've owned . 
If you 're a first time SLR buyer , this camera will hook you in seconds and it seems many , many people agree that it is one of the best options possible . 
The D80 easily outperformed everything under $ 2000 . 
In the comparisons here , it was stacked against cameras well OVER $ 2000 and rated well . 
This camera is easier to use than my first two ` point and shoots ' yet fully controllable now that I 've moved to SLR equipment . 
It is a lot smaller to carry around . 
It also shoots faster that the 400d ( I 've been comparing this camera to the 400d , but it really was designed to match up to the Canon EOS 30D ) . 
This camera also has a status LCD on top of the camera which I prefer over a combined LCD . 
By the way , Nikon is at the top of the line in flashes . 
This camera is also built a lot more solidly than the canon EOS 400D . 
These seals protect the camera better than just plain plastic . 
Great for someone who wants to move up from a point and shoot , but wants more than what an entry level DSLR can offer . 
Viewfinder is the same one as the D200 . 
Like the viewfinder , the Nikon D80 has the same sensor as the D200 . 
For another reason the noise at high ISO settings of this camera is less than the Canon 400D . 
it is a great step-up from a slow point and shoot . 
I highly recommend this camera versus the D80 or the D200 , unless the D200 offers capabilities you MUST have as a professional . 
Previously owning a D50 and using a D200 for a month ( my Dad 's ) the D80 is closer to the D200 as far as functionality and overall picture quality , even though it 's almost $ 400 less than the D200 . 
The battery life is consistent with all of the Nikon DLSR models - it lasts forever . 
I 'm sure that the D40 and D40X would have been cheaper and great too , but the D80 is fully compatible with my Nikon lenses and the others are not . 
My D50 overexposed shots while my D70s underexposed . 
Other than that , the D80 makes the most of my lenses and then some . 
There are a host of controls that will allow greater control for experts . 
It 's not a 30D but it feels like a more serious robust camera than the Rebel XT and XTi and , at CDN$ 500 less than the 30D , it 's a lot of camera for the dough . 
I believe the Nikon D70 's is a much better buy for the money . 
ISO 400 had a bit more noise but was acceptable for 5x7 and some shots were good for 8x10 . 
ISO 800 performed better in some respects and worse in others than ISO 800 shots of the S3 and SD700 but were still rather noisy and at best usable for a small print ( noise levels are higher overall than that in the SD700 and S3 . 
SD700/S3 ISO 800 shots were more consistent from shot to shot versus SD800 ) . 
Pictures in this setting had occassional blurring on the auto setting and maximum telephoto range but not much better than the SD700 . 
Short Take Taken on its own , the SD800 IS is an excellent compact camera that lives up to the Canon Digital Elph name . 
Keeping lower ISO settings and withing the flash range yielded better and clearer results than the SD700 . 
Exposure was more balanced than the SD700 and the wide angle lens was especially helpful for those group photos ! 
Overall , low light and dark conditions were above average for a ultracompact digital camera and slightly better than the SD700 . 
As per Canon , the flash range : Normal : 1.6-13 ft. / 50cm - 4.0 m ( W ) , 1.6-6 .6 ft. / 50cm - 2.0 m ( T ) Macro : 1-1 .6 ft. / 30-50cm ( when sensitivity is set to ISO Auto ) Numerically , it is slightly better than the SD700 . 
Movie Mode Due to the DIGIC III processor , the SD800 has a more powerful and overall flexible movie capture mode that surpasses previous Canon digital cameras with a movie record feature . 
Only the S3 has a potentially better movie record mode ( the S3 can record in stereo sound but file size is limited to 1GB max . 
SD800 records in mono only but can make longer VGA movies ) . 
You can still stitch together 4GB files after the fact with the included Canon software to make much longer movies ( and huge file sizes to boot ... which is why a camcorder will still be the better option for movie enthusiasts . ) . 
They have excellent quality although you can not use the optical zoom like in the S3 . 
The LCD is bright with a wide viewing angle and is very sharp ... sharper than the SD700 screen . 
There is a marked difference when the IS is on versus the IS being turned off . 
The ISO 800 is slightly better than that on the SD700 and the ISO 1600 shots are nearly unusable even for small prints . 
Battery Life The SD800 utilizes the same NB-5L battery as the SD700 which is a 3.7 V 1120mAh Lithium Ion rechargable battery pack . 
The DIGIC III processor slightly increases the battery life , adds the neat face detection AF , and makes the camera slightly faster than the SD700 . 
This is a slight improvement over the SD700 . 
Not a huge upgrade from the SD700 and a slightly stronger performer indoors . 
Specs The SD800 retains nearly the same dimensions as the SD700 at 3.52 x 2.28 x 0.99 in . 
( without battery ) which is lighter than the SD700 . 
The SD800 loses the primarily two tone color scheme of the SD700 and sticks strictly to a light silvery grey ... to tell the truth , the black and silver coloration of the SD700 made the camera look more appealing . 
The overall shape is similar to the SD700 with the perpetual curve design elements introduced back in the SD550 . 
The top of the camera is quite different from the SD700 and holds the zoom ring with the shutter button in the center of the ring as well as the holes for the built-in microphone , monoaural speaker , and the power button ( which is flush with the casing ) . 
The buttons are more circular than oval now ... and I found them easier to press than the SD800 . 
It is easier to turn than in the SD700 and does not feel as delicate . 
Lens The SD800 uses a wide-angle lens similar to the S70 and S80 that Canon rates as a 3.8 x optical zoom . 
This F2.8-5 .8 lens has a focal range of 4.6-17 .3 mm which is equivalent to 28-105mm in the 35mm format . 
The SD800 has some obvious improvements over the SD700 . 
Note that the SD800 like the rest of the SD models does not indicate the zoom position and has does n't have many zoom steps . 
Like the rest of the digital Elph line , there are only limited manual controls . 
If you desire more extensive manual controls in an ultracompact , there are other ultracompacts that have more extensive manual controls . 
These include the new DIGIC III processor which makes the SD800 a smidgen faster than the SD700 , the wide angle lens , better movie modes , face detection AF , ISO up to 1600 , slightly improved battery life , and SDHC memory card support . 
1.7 fps DIGIC III Basically , Canon put in a faster , more efficient , and more powerful processor . 
This gives the digital cameras equipped with it an extra boost . 
The SD800 can evaluate scenes quicker , focus faster , and adapt its settings faster than the SD700 can as per Canon . 
I 'm not entirely sure about the faster part as that is n't easy to evaluate . 
It does seem to react faster in low light situations . 
You also get the very minor improvement of 7.1 Megapixels versus the 6MP on the SD700 . 
The DIGIC III is supposed to be more power efficient . 
The battery life of the SD800 is slightly better than the SD700 but I 'll get into that later . 
The iSAPS technology used in Canon 's digital cameras has also improved every year . 
Daily Photos Easy to Pull Off The SD800 does at least as good a job as the SD700 in terms of color reproduction , sharpness , color saturation , detail retention , and crispness of the photos . 
It does show more softness in the corners than the SD700 that is likely due to the wide angle lens and is noted throughout the zoom range . 
There appears to be significant barrel distortion and loss of details in the corners of the shot at the wide end of the zoom compared to the SD700 ( the S70 and S80 I believe had similar issues since they used a similar wide angle lens . 
However , there are a few areas that the SD700 still does a bit better than the SD800 . 
I still own a S70 and it seems more pronounced on the SD800 over similar shots on the S70 . ) . 
Pictures are slightly noisier and details slightly crisper which is likely due to the bump up to 7.1 MP from the 6MP on the SD700 . 
ISO 800 showed a bit of improvement from the SD700 but I did n't feel the ISO 1600 was useful at this point even in excellent lighting conditions ( although you would n't use high ISO settings in such conditions normally ) . 
Regardless , the SD800 is an overall excellent camera and is more of a tweak of the SD700 IS it succeeds . 
Secondly it is slower to focus no matter the setting or lens used . 
As one in a series of cameras , Canon is setting the series up with a row of cameras similar , but each has it 's own unique set of features . 
There is also , Night scene , landscape , portrait to choose from , much like the other Canons in the series . 
Also there is even Full Manual mode which I found here and liked the best . 
While it can still fit in a jeans pocket , it is definitely more awkward . 
Unlike some cameras , which use expensive proprietary batteries , you can buy AA batteries virtually anywhere . 
NiMH batteries with higher mAh ratings will last longer . 
With newer , 5 megapixel cameras , a high-speed card can really make a noticeable difference in the amount of time it takes for your camera to recover between pictures or to transfer pictures to your computer . 
Build Quality/Reliability Canon has a reputation for above average quality digital cameras . 
The A630 is slightly larger than previous generation A-series cameras , and also larger than much of its competition . 
So the A630 is twice as fast . 
So there is not a huge difference , but the A630 is a bit faster . 
My A75 ( SanDisk Ultra memory card ) was considerably slower , with an average time of 2.45 seconds per photo . 
My poor A75 was clearly outgunned here , as it only has an USB 1.1 interface . 
The A630 offers a number of features that the A75 did not have , such as the 2.5 inch vari-angle LCD screen , 8-megapixel resolution , and 4X optical zoom . 
The 4X optical zoom is a bit unusual in this class of cameras , which normally have 3X optical zooms . 
The detail is just slightly better on the higher resolution images . 
Both prints look very good . 
The 8MP print looks a little bit better , although the difference is very subtle . 
The next thing that I noticed is that the viewfinder , swivel LCD screen , and wrist-strap eyelet are all somewhat angular in comparison to the main body of the camera , which takes away from the nicely streamlined appearance of previous generation A-model cameras . 
The A630 is slightly larger and heavier than my previous generation A75 . 
At this size ( 4x6 ) , there was little noticeable difference between the 3MP and 8MP resolutions . 
Cheaper than the last year 's 7 .1 - Megapixel Canon PowerShot A620 , the Canon PowerShot A630 features 8-Megapixel resolution , larger LCD screen and other improvements yet sells for substantially less . 
First Impressions This camera is a step up from all the other smaller and lighter in weight digital cameras we have gone through this last two years . 
It has much more body to it and is larger . 
Because it takes four AA batteries rather than the two most of the other cameras had , it is heavier . 
The coolest thing about this camera that differs from all the others we owned or tried is the variable angle LCD screen . 
The 35-140mm zoom is pretty much the same as the SLR cameras I have owned in the past . 
Some cameras images did n't seem quite as good with the zoom . 
The quality is better than those we had with less pixels . 
What I once understood as ASA in a film camera where one can increase the shutter speed or change to more sensitive film , we now have ISO that does somewhat the same function but also allows what is named `` noise '' . 
In most general use though , it is exceptionally sharp as compared to images with the previous cameras we have owned including the A520 and A530 and a Sony DSC-W100 Digital camera . 
More That I Like Though it is heavier I do like that feel . 
My wife and I are avid snorkelers and look forward to getting better quality shots than what the throw away waterproof cameras give us now . 
Another thing I like is the shorter lag time than some of the other cameras we had . 
Last Thoughts The camera is much bigger and heavier than any of the other digital cameras we have owned or tried . 
Sometimes I like the solid feel of the larger , heavier camera while there are times I like the camera to easy to pocket or slide out of site easily . 
The larger camera does n't allow that . 
I have used Panasonic FX07 and FX50 and was wandering if paying significantly more for the Canon SD800 IS is justified . 
You can buy comparable Panasonic cameras for $ 80-100 cheaper . 
Heck , the FX50 even has a larger screen ! 
I have an eye for what will look good , so this camera allows me more access to backgrounds than on the cheaper , less wide lens cameras . 
It consists of Canon 's A530 , A540 , A620 , A630 , A640 , and A710 these cameras all have similar features , but vary in size of Megapixels and zoom features . 
The Bottom Line The A630 is an excellent choice for those wishing to purchase in this price range and even better than some in higher price brackets for performance . 
I prefer a little more control . 
The flip out LCD is a great idea ( do n't think I could manage without it now ) , but again , I think this could have been more robust . 
Comparison : You might be deciding between the A710 IS , A640 and A630 . 
I have n't seen any photos from the A710 IS but the pro reviews usually rate the quality a little short of the A630 or A640 which have more resolution ( A640 has slightly higher resolution than the A630 ) . 
If you are cropping heavily and then blowing them up to very large prints , then you might like the 10 MP of the A640 ( that 's really all you get for a hundred bucks more ) ... otherwise the A630 is the way to go . 
So this is pretty good performance and better than expected . 
Good cameras are usually not the lightest , and pro cameras are all on the heavy and large side . 
Combining these two limits low-light performance , but the Canon does as well or better than any in its class in this regard.The electronic amplification ( ISO ) helps with this , but can introduce noise . 
Therefore the `` High ISO '' mode means trading some quality for the higher shutter speeds , but it 's a good option to have . 
I had read a foot-high stack of digital photo magazines by this time , and there was not a camera in the crowd that could touch the A630/640 pair , even for more money -- and I simply had to admit it . 
The Bottom Line My A630 does n't give vibrant colors like my old Kodak & Nikon cameras . 
Reviews say it has a better than average shutter lag ( around 0.3 sec ) , and that was important to me . 
I felt that the `` super fine '' setting looked worse than the `` fine '' setting , and did n't see a difference between results in L vs. M1 ( I think the former produces bigger files ) . 
The two A630s were basically identical , and equally flat in my opinion . 
The Nikon gave me better color and clarity , even though it only had 6 megapixels to the Canon 's 8 . 
Of course , the Nikon also costs twice as much . 
But the Nikon D40 has a much shorter zoom , and I 'd miss the telephoto ability I 've gotten used to ( it is 18-55 , equal to 27-82 in standard measurements , and compared to the A630 's 35-140 ) . 
For what it 's worth , during my trip to Thailand some shots looked better with my old Kodak CX6330 or my dad 's Olympus D580 than they did with my Canon A630 . 
But I hate the shutter lag , and when that Kodak camera started acting old ( not always turning on , and doing other quirky things ) I thought I 'd like to upgrade to something with more controls . 
My friends who own Canon camera say the color is `` more realistic , '' and if that 's what you want then the A630 might be a good choice ( but be careful with the auto setting ) . 
I 'm sorry I bought the A630 , but I 'm not sure that there is a better choice in my budget range . 
The A630 also uses SD cards , which have come down in price and is a little cheaper than memory sticks . 
So far , the flash recharge time has always been less than 2 seconds , much faster than many other point and shoot cameras I 've used . 
Full Review The Powershot A630 is the predecessor to the A610 and A620 line with a boost in image resolution ( 8MP ) , larger LCD screen and adjustable ISO . 
The Bottom Line I have not found a better camera for this price range . 
Both were great cameras and had the DIGICII processor ( like the EOS rebel SLR ) . 
Canon has not cut any corners on these cameras . 
The cameras loaded and looked even better than the screen on the camera . 
With the current popularity of SLR cameras , why even bother to consider a point-n-shoot camera like the ultra compact Powershot SD800 IS ? 
this was not our first digital camera , but is an improvement over the Olympus we had . 
My challenge was to find a Canon camera that could take photo images as sharp and detailed or maybe even more sharp and detailed than my S45 , and provide the same level of excellent color saturation and accuracy , with better overall exposure . 
only the A630 produced better image quality than my S45 , when viewed on my Dell Ultra Sharp 19 '' computer monitor and when printed out on my HP D7360 PhotoSmart printer . 
The sharpness was better and the level of detail in the A630 surpassed that of the S45 . 
Image quality is excellent for both indoor and outdoor shots . 
The A710IS was a disappointment , as the images were noticeably less sharp and not as color accurate . 
The G7 was close to the S45 in image quality , but not as good as the A630 , and for the fact that the A630 costs half as much as the G7 , it was a no brainer to send the G7 back to the store , although I loved the G7 's feature set and higher resolution LCD screen . 
The G7 is a great camera , do n't get me wrong , but I could not justify keeping both cameras , especially for the cost of the G7 and considering that the G7 did not produce better quality photos than the A630 ( equal in some cases , but not better ) . 
Maybe the G7 I received was not the best of the litter from the assembly line . 
I prefer Lithium-Ion batteries over rechargeable AA batteries , but battery life does seem to be better with the AA 's . 
And with a Sony charging unit that only takes 15 minutes to charge four NiMH 2500 mAh batteries , as compared to one hour to charge the Lithium-Ion batteries , I guess I 'm starting to like the AA 's . 
The zoom is a bit noisier than the other three cameras I tested . 
My first impressions were this : I love the fact that it takes four batteries , this means more life than many other which only take two . 
This camera has an automatic screen cap rather than having the old style caps that are tethered to the body of the camera . 
I believe this is the best camera in this price range . 
This is in direct comparison to my G2 where I can clearly see the difference . 
It is vastly improved from the days of my G2 . 
My reason for purchasing the A630 is that it has almost all of the same features as my Canon G2 , minus the ability to mount an additional flash and some editing features , which are in the end useless especially if you have photo editing software like Adobe Photoshop . 
It is bigger than many pocket cameras , but I have found that the swivel screen protects the screen when folded away . 
This camera is much easier to use than my old Olympus and takes really great pics and movies . 
I am still amazed by the battery life and would recommend the 630 over the 540 for the battery life . 
It was slightly bigger than this camera and had a weird shape to it compared to the traditional boxy look of the typical ELPH line of cameras from Canon . 
Like the SD550 , the SD800 also have a 2.5 inch display at 7.1 megapixels . 
After many hours of * extensive * research reading all of the main expert reviews , plus hundreds of user reviews ( for the above cameras plus several others such as the Panasonic Lumix DMC-TZ3 ) , I chose the A630 ( and rejected the A640 , A710IS , A570IS , S3 , and S5 ) Before I get to the reasons why I went for the A630 and rejected the other four cameras , it is necessary to first cover a few important general points : * Be aware that many `` user comments '' for any camera can be erroneous or misleading . 
I did notice that the EOS 350 did in fact have less noise than my 630 , but the EOS 350 is a SLR with a relatively huge CCD . 
Four AA batteries means the A630 can take more photos ( with a faster shutter and flash response ) . 
For me , the choice had to be the A630 . 
If you are not too particular or finicky , you will be happy with any of the Canon cameras . 
Yes , most Canons have this fault , but all it means is that the actual picture will be somewhat larger , 10 % or so , than what you see through the viewfinder . 
When taking a picture just realize the photo will be a bit larger , or simply use the LCD screen . 
I am not sure about the S3 but I believe the other cameras will take SDHC cards . 
Canons are still the best , if you do n't believe this then you have not compared many expert reviews ! 
= = = = = WHY I CHOSE THE A630 AND REJECTED THE A710IS A570IS S3 and S5 1 . 
The CCD ( light gathering internal sensor screen ) is 40 % larger than the other cameras , and all expert reviews confirm the sharp , higher quality photos of the A630 . 
The CCD of the A630 has a size of 1 / 1.8 ( = 14.11 ) whereas the others have 1 / 2.5 ( = 10.16 ) . 
Some user comments make the heretical comment that the A630 than the Canon Rebels : well , I can tell you that I borrowed my friend 's Canon EOS 350 ( expensive big SLR ) and comparing a series of indoor and outdoor photos at different ISO and distance , YES , the 630 amazingly does indeed produce better photos that are sharper and overall more crisp with better colour ( except at ISO 800 where the EOS-350 had less noise ) . 
Picture quality again : chromatic aberration is a fault with many Canons , but not the A630 . 
The five cameras listed in the topic heading above all have advanced features . 
The A630 has 4 AA 's , not 2 like the 710 and 570 . 
My old A70 only had 15 fps and while panning it makes a big difference . 
Remember that the 630 is the only one with a larger CCD . 
Whereas the 630 is a little larger than the 710 or 570 , it 's only about 10 mm . 
Since the 710 's picture quality / sharpness is not as good as the 630 , my answer is no . 
The 630 's 4x with a better CCD is just as good as the 710 's 6x or at least not that much difference , imho . 
Colour , Megapixels and Price : I would prefer black instead of silver , but the A640 is significantly more expensive without hardly any different features . 
Do n't be fooled by the 640 's higher pixel rating of 10 megapixels . 
The reviews bothered me on this one but again , since the 630 has a larger CCD , there will be less noise than the other cameras . 
This is a great camera and I do n't regret my purchase at all , but sometimes I wonder if I got better quality images from my Powershot A80 . 
It seems to get less light to the sensors than my old 4MP A80 . 
it also shoots decent 640x480 video considering it 's a still camera - of course it 's not nearly as good as DV . 
but it lacks 2 things that i love about 2-yr old olympus C-60 : ( 1 ) a rechargeable battery . 
In my mind the Powershot A630 is it 's bigger brother . 
Either way is better than the Canon elphs . 
However , the Canon does have the advantage of significant wide-angle range ( as wide as 28mm in 35mm camera terms ) . 
Rather , it boosts the ISO ( or light sensitivity ) so that faster shutter speeds are used making the shake less noticeable ( at the expense of more noise or `` graininess '' ) . 
The Canon SD800 IS uses the optical element shift ( optical image stabilization ) and it works quite well ( although not really any better than the Casio 's CCD shift method ) . 
Most other cameras have a dedicated playback button to switch ( and typically do not loose settings ) . 
The Bottom Line If you want the larger 2.5 '' LCD , then by all means buy this camera , otherwise , wait until the 40D to come out next year with a bigger optical sensor . 
The image quality of this camera is second to none . 
Of course you will not be able tell a difference between the image quality of a 2.0 megapixel camera versus this camera ( if you use the same lens and processor ) when you print out on a 4x6 . 
However , on large images that span the size of larger pictures , you will not be able to rival the clarity and crispness of this camera . 
Overall , this is a great camera with all its functionally and performance that is second to none ( except maybe its bigger brothers the Canon 5D and 1DS Mark II ) . 
Believe it or not , this is a very significant upgrade in the way of convienence . 
The overall size of the 30D is very much the same size as the 20D . 
You can only see the difference between the two by the size of the LCD monitor or by the front display logo indicating a `` 30D . '' 
Like the 20D , the body is made out of magnesium skeleton surrounded by a layer of gritty plastic . 
The second LCD panel on top of the camera remained the same as the 20D , wherein , it displays the exposure , f/stop , white balance , battery charge indicator , file size , and other various features . 
The great thing about this new Canon 30D is that it still uses the BP-511A battery that is still used by the 20D and the Digital Rebel . 
One of the great distinguishing marks between Canon from Nikon is that the Canon digital Single-Lens Reflex ( dSLR ) cameras has an option of a battery grip that adds flexibility to power consumption . 
The Canon 30D can have the BG-E2 battery grip like the 20D . 
Like the Canon 20D , the 30D still use the Digic II optical sensor , which allow unbelievable color saturation and contrast . 
So , I guess the difference is about $ 550 between these two cameras . 
Something nice about the Canon 20D & 30D versus the Canon Rebels is that the 30D comes with a PC Sync as well as a Remote terminal , allowing you to attach strobes to this camera . 
One of the improvements with the 30D vs the 20D is the buffer depth , which means the start time is literally instanteous , which is really not that noticeable from the 20D , since the 20D starts pretty darn fast to begin with . 
The fact that the subframe of both the 20D and 30D are made of magnesium is pretty impressive . 
Unlike the Canon Rebel XT and XTi , this camera feels really nice in your hands . 
It is not too big like the 1DS Mark II , nor is it too small like the XT and XTi . 
However , you can do so much more with a RAW image than you can with a JPEG file . 
That is one of the great things about these dSLRs as compared to the still-decent point-and-shoots by Canon , which will not allow you to shoot in RAW . 
RAW allows a much broader manipulation of the image than a JPEG file . 
Let 's start with the differences between the two cameras . 
One of the defining features of the 20D and 30D as compared with the digital Rebel line of cameras is that the 20D and 30D can shoot at 5 frames/sec as compared to 3 frames/sec . 
So , when you want fast action shots , you are much better off with the 20D and 30D , especially when you have sufficient light and a fast lens to capture , say a golf swing during mid-swing . 
You ca n't do that with a point-and-shoot nor very well with a digital Rebel . 
Since the Canon 30D has a resolution of 8 Megapixels with such a small sensor size , there are more pixels jammed into this smaller sensor than the much more expensive EOS-1Ds Mark II , which possess 16.7 Megapixel . 
If the Canon 30D were to have the same size sensor as the Mark II , then the actual Megapixels on the Canon 30D would be 21 Megapixels , which reaches that theoretical resolution of a film camera . 
The new 30D have the following new additions when compared to the 20D : 1 . 
To cut it short , the Canon 20D has a small sensor but packs more megapixels into that smaller sensor space , thus giving a lot more detailed picture than the Mark II in that sensor space . 
That is a pretty interesting fact , considering that the Mark II is about $ 7200 ( $ 6000 more than the Canon 30D ) . 
Another disadvantage of the 30D as opposed to a full frame 35mm camera is that the viewfinder is considerably smaller than a 35mm . 
Effectively , the EF-S 17-85mm IS is like a 27-135mm on conventional 35mm cameras , however , because it is an EF-S mount , it will not fit in any other camera other than the Digital Rebel ( 300D ) , Rebel XT ( 350D ) 20Dand 30D . 
A new 2.5 inch screen with a much wider viewing angle , where you could view the screen at 160 degrees as compared to the 1.8 inch screen of the 20D . 
So , Canon can only make bigger sensors in the ever changing landscape of increasing megapixels . 
Contrast and saturation is still stunning , although not like the Canon `` L '' lenses but very close . 
The new LCD has 230,000 pixels as compared to the 20D 's 118,000 pixels . 
They are absolutely vibrant and clearer than any images that I ever taken . 
Although I 've been told that digital cameras still can not capture the nuances of the grey scales in black-and-white pictures like a film camera , I am still unable to tell between the two . 
Although it still is having slightly lower resolution than the 5D , i felt that the smaller chipsize has a very big advantage : most lenses show noticeable chromatic aberration when used with the 5D , this camera picks up the center of the image circle of the lenses , which is mainly free from this aberration . 
For real professional use , i think the Nikon full size camera 's are still unbeatable , but for normal , let 's say `` semi-professional '' use , this 30D is very hard to beat , especially for its price . 
Just try to imagine : to outperform this camera with a 5D , you would need a 28-135 mm stabilized lens . 
Together with the 17-85 mm stabilized zoom , it is sheer unbeatable ... at this moment . 
Main differences : the lcd screen is bigger and better visible in sunlight . 
Pick up the cheaper Canons and Nikons SLRs and you immediately feel the superiority of the 30D . 
What made me choose the 30D over the 20D was because it was around the same price with the fall Canon double rebates . 
The 10x and 12x digicams while not ( yet ) _ quite _ offering the same image quality , are starting to offer more zoom length than most people can afford for their SLRs , and more features ( e.g. optical stabilization in the body ) than SLRs , and are starting to present alternative worth considering for any but the most serious amateur and even some traveling pros . 
The most obvious is the large , clear , high resolution LCD display ; the same display used in Canon 's $ 4000 pro equipment . 
Perhaps canon 's spot metering technology could not keep up with nikon 's d70 . 
IT HAS A 2.5 '' LCD rewiew area , a 92 % increase over the 20D . 
That 's a significant improvement . 
Other significant improvements vs. 20D , can be found in the tech sheet . 
Very good improvements at a price that 's the same as the 20D , a month ago . 
The 28 mm lens ( as opposed to the standard 35 mm ) makes a big difference in both near and far shots , and I 'm very impressed by the change without having to put on an external lens . 
The camera also has some standard features such as focus lock mode and exposure lock mode , both of which make it easier to get some consistency in your photos . 
While this camera may not offer everything one would hope for in a camera , in terms of a low-profile , user-friendly , high photo quality device with a wide array of features , this camera beats almost every other one on the market . 
Beware a camera with no optical viewfinder ... If you 're comparing against the Panasonic wide-angle camera , here 's a big selling point - the Canon SD800 has an optical viewfinder ! 
I narrowed it down to two , which you may have done while you 're reading this - the SD800 , and the , the only other comparable one with a wide-angle lens . 
I gather that the older Digital Elphs had a sturdier feel , but this one just is n't so . 
After experimenting with both in the store , I came to some ( hopefully correct ) realizations that the Canon was the superior product , and I have n't been disappointed . 
Though the 30D is basically a 20D with improvements , the improvements are noteworthy for those considering purchasing a mid-range DSLR . 
This camera has the same user interfaces as the new 5D , which makes it an attractive choice for semi-pro or even pro photographers . 
The camera also has the handy picture sytle feature ( same as the 5D ) which allows the photographer to custom set the camera for their desired sharpness , contrast and color saturation . 
For those considering an upgrade from a 10D or 20D , the enhanced features make this a camera worth serious consideration . 
By the way , in the CNET description above , there 's a typo - shutter is now rated to 100,000 cycles , not 10,000 , making it a lot more durable and awesome for heavy pro work . 
My pictures turn out better than those taken by the Disney staff with another SLR using flash . 
In daylight outdoor , the images were even more impressive . 
The downside is that it costs more , but definitely worth every penny . 
Canon performs the best at high ISO , better than Nikon and Sony ( which share a similar if not the same CCD sensor ) . 
A `` fast lens '' has wide aperture to let in more light , so that you can shoot with faster shutter speed . 
The controls on the Nikon just fell better . 
and even though the 5D has more MP ( 12mp ) of what use are they if you have to chop the edges , not to mention the body is almost twice the price . 
Canon keeps putting the same old controls on every camera they make . 
I also have tried out the Canon 5D and Nikon D200 , but I just ca n't see spending the extra money on the 5D when I know in a year or two , all of these cameras will be obsolete . 
Photo quality is the same ( good ) . 
For D60 or 10D users this may be a worthwhile upgrade , but 20D-ers should perhaps wait for the next generation to get the most out of your money . 
The larger screen is what I was really waiting for . 
I have had too many camera to list here but I can tell you this ... This is my far the best camera I have ever had bar-none . 
It most certainly is a worthy upgrade from my s500 . 
Although file sizes due to the high megapixel count will fool your mind into thinking these image files should have the same quality as a digital SLR face it , a much smaller sensor will produce more camera noise since the tiny photosites on the chip are n't as light sensitive as a bigger chip . 
Also the small zoom lens of the point and shoot wo n't equal Canon L-Series glass and you 'll get distortions and/or abberations . 
I wish its build was more along the lines of the Nikon D200 in terms of weather seals etc. . 
There is n't a point-and-shoot out there that compares . 
I got the Canon 30D for my wife because she wanted a better camera . 
By far the best Canon I have ever owned , the EOS 30D significantly improves upon the 20D ( I have one of those also ) . 
The picture quality , speed , processing , even the sound is better when you shoot an image . 
Compared to the , the weight and substantiveness of this camera makes it feel more quality and professional . 
The limitations are that you only get 3 frames per second continuous shooting vs the 5 that you get with the D200 and the buffer is smaller ( 6 raw in the D80 ) . 
The viewfinder is pentaprism which makes your images very bright and allows you to make out more detail than the pentamirror viewfinder found on some other cameras . 
Both of these work well . 
If you are seriously debating between this and the D200 , there are n't many missing features , and the price difference would allow you to buy additional lenses , which will really make the biggest difference in the outcome of your photos . 
The Bottom Line D80 is probably the best offering Nikon has at the moment , dollar for dollar . 
- Size : 18-55 is obviously the smallest and lightest but I would trade this for the extended range and better center sharpness of the other lenses , unless I plan to use it exclusively at the 18-35mm range where it is better ( in this range it is a cheap $ 100 great wide angle alternative if you have for example a 28-75 or a 28-200 lens as your main lens ) . 
Compared to faster ( F2 .8 , constant aperture ) third-party lenses such as the 17-50 Tamron , the 18-50 Sigma macro ( latest version ) , 28-75 Tamron , 24-60 and 24-70 Sigma , the kit lenses do not hold much water , except in center sharpness where they come close in some cases , extended zoom range , and having AF-S ( not necessarily faster , but more handy to override focus at times ) . 
Nikon makes a few pricier alternatives as well and there are the great and relatively inexpensive older designs such as the 35-70 AF-D . 
This comes at the expense of slight loss of `` per pixel '' image sharpness of the D80 ( as well as the D200 and D40x ) compared to the 6MP models . 
However , downsizing the 10MP image to 6MP in software would make them of nearly the same sharpness and still without the moire artifacts . 
The D80 is significantly faster in operation than the D70s was . 
Commander mode is more sophisticated too , meaning you can control more flashes as well as have the built-in flash contribute ( not the case with D70s and the D50 nor with the D40/40x as far as I know ) . 
Most importantly , the delay in using flash is much smaller , resulting in capturing the moment easier and with almost no `` blinkers '' - closed eyes of folks/animals who blink during the mandatory preflash sequence when using remote flash and also regular flash in most modes . 
The D200 is similarly good in this respect though the D80 seems even better , subjectively . 
The D200 is still faster in most modes , but not by much . 
D80 and D40x have 1/200s flash sync speed compared to 1/500 for D50/D70/D40 and 1/250 for D200 . 
This is important in daylight fill-flash use where the 6MP models give significantly more latitude to use flash as fill light and still maintain high shutter speed to freeze motion . 
This difference is not important if the subjects are still as the 10MP models go to ISO100 compared to the ISO200 of the 6MP , effectively eliminating the gap . 
D80 and D200 have high speed flash sync up to the maximum supported by the camera ( 1/4000s and 1/8000s respectively ) when used with optional flashes such as the SB-800 or SB-600 ( may be with SB-400 , not sure ) . 
Another welcome improvement over the D50 , D40 , D70/70s is the ability to shoot in RAW and store a Large Fine Quality JPG at the same time ( previously it was only `` basic '' JPG with low quality ) . 
The LCD is nicer and more importantly offers 100 % zoom ( in fact more than that , but then things get pixellated ) . 
Again , the D40 , D50 , D70/70s do not offer this . 
The LCD is easier to use due to a slight rearranging of the controls as well . 
D80 has faster and more reliable autofocus than D70s , particularly in low light situations . 
In my experience it was able to better track running kids , where I had trouble with this on the D70s in low light . 
One drawback is that the D80 has larger/wider autofocus sensors and this may result in misfocusing on complex targets where the D70/D50 might have worked better . 
The D200 autofocus seems to perform similarly to the D80 , with some users reporting a stronger autofocus motor on the D200 , which is important if using `` screwdriven '' lenses without AF-S ( I have conclusion one way or another as I did not get a chance to compare too much for this ) . 
The D80 seems to have taken noise reduction a step further than D70 and D200 with lower high-ISO noise ( when shooting in dark places ) , especially in the shadow areas where it matters most . 
D40 and D50 are still a little better bit for bit , but when the 10MP D80/D40x/D200 image is downsized to 6MP , then they perform about the same in terms of noise . 
D80 seems to beat the D200 a little over ISO400 and seems to be about the same from ISO100 to ISO400 ( not a large difference but is there , especially when shooting JPG ) . 
D80 has different preset values for image customization than D200 , so the same `` normal '' settings give more saturate , more contrasty and perhaps more sharpened image . 
- The main difference b/w the D40/40x and D50/80 is the lack of `` screwdriver '' autofocus in the 40 series . 
So my comparison would cover relative differences b/w these models as well as the D50 , D40 , and D40x . 
And that is not easy for several reasons ( relatively smaller and dimmer viewfinders compared to D80/D200 , plus tracking moving targets in manual focus is all but hopeless in most cases ) . 
- The 10MP models produce much better detail but you will see this only on prints above 11x14 or when cropping heavily . 
- Noise seems a tiny bit better with each newer camera . 
The D40 and D40x seem to have the lowest noise and the best JPG processing . 
D50 and D40 are still the best for low light , followed by D40x , D80 and D200 as far as I 'm concerned . 
Of course , looking at Canon 20D/30D and 5D is what you should do for serious low light work , as I find the results above ISO800 of the Nikons fall short compared to these Canons ( not by much but loss of detail and increased noise is progressively more noticeable when you go above ISO800 and print large and expecially if you do not nail the exposure right at the scene ) . 
- Viewfinders on the D80 and D200 are the best of the bunch . 
- The D200 is more comfortable to hold even though it is heavier and larger - The D80/D40x/D200 will put your lenses as well as your hand-holding ability to the test - the 6MP models are more forgiving . 
Also , diffraction-limited softness kicks-in sooner ( about 1 stop or so ) than with the 6MP models . 
What was sharp at F/16 at 6MP gets softer at 10MP and you would need to use F11 instead , but that would result in more shallow dept of field ( DOF ) . 
- D80 has worse battery life than D70s had for me ( almost by half ) . 
Still it is better than what D200 offers , again almost by half . 
- The D50/D70s are probably still the best choice if you can live without some of the great features that D80 offers . 
- If you are only going to use AF-S lenses and want a small camera that is easy to live with , the D40 is the best from any manufacturer at present ( better than the Canons in the price range ) . 
Having one of the best low-light performances available from any manufacturer in a very small body and offered at probably the lowest cost for a DSLR does not hurt either . 
- D40x is an odd-ball : expensive for not having a screwdriver lens support and for lacking the better autofocus of the D80 and other fieatures ( deidcated buttons etc. ) Again , if you get a good deal on it and do not plan to use non AF-S lenses , it might be OK if 10MP is what you want with minimum fuss otherwise and in a very compact body . 
The good : the D80 is a very capable camera and is a nice upgrade from the D70/D70s in almost every respect . 
Their results seem to confirm what I observed : - Sharpness : 18-135 is the sharpest in the center at almost all focal lengths , softest in the corners . 
The 18-200 VR is almost as sharp in the center and has better corners . 
The 18-70 trails by a little in the center and leads by a little in the corners . 
The 18-200 softens-up a little above 100mm focal length compared to the very good sharpness below 100mm but still remains usable . 
The 18-55 is considered pretty good at the 18-35mm range and in my opinion is worse than the other three towards the 55 end . 
18-135 is the worst , followed by 18-200 then the 18-70 and the 18-55 , which is the best in terms of distortion . 
Auto white balance , color accuracy and overall image quality is better . 
- Focus speed : all three focus silently and quick . 
The 18-70 is the fasted , then the 18-200 then the 18-135 . 
Neither will keep you waiting long . 
- Build quality : Best is the 18-200 , 18-70 , 18-135 . 
I have point and shoot digital cameras that take more clearly focused pictures . 
This is one of the finest digital SLR cameras on the market . 
The boot-up cycle , shutter lag , shot to shot times , and write to card times are all faster than average . 
The SD600 ( like all ultra-compact digicams ) has red-eye issues . 
Chromatic aberration ( purple fringing ) is slightly above average at the wide-angle end of the zoom range and I also noticed some very minor vignetting ( darkened corners ) . 
Realistically Micro-cam batteries ( since they must be very small ) ca n't store as much power as larger batteries . 
The SD600 's auto exposure system does more than just average exposures - images are consistently and noticeably better than average . 
Sensitivity Like its siblings ( SD700 IS , SD630 , etc ) the Canon PowerShot SD600 provides an excellent range of sensitivity settings including - Auto , High ISO Auto , and user selectable settings for 80 , 100 , 200 , 400 , and 800 ISO . 
I wanted a camera that would perform as well as the sd700 but with a 28mm wide angle lens which i have been waiting for ... 
The SD450 was smaller and I liked the way it looked better than the SD550 . 
Sometimes , Dell sells it even cheaper with their coupon programs ( search google for Dell coupons , SanDisk ) . 
The Secure Digital memory cards are so small , it 's about the size of a thick stamp . 
You could also buy the Ricoh Caplio R4 , which shoots at 6 megapixels but has 7.1 X zoom , but you will not get the resolution and color saturation like the Canon SD600 , not to mention the beautiful styling of the Canon as well . 
USB 2.0 is 57 times FASTER than the previous version of USB . 
USB 2.0 is actually faster than firewire by a slight margin . 
Most new moms and dads will love the Canon PowerShot SD600 over the competition because of this feature . 
This processor is in the more expensive Canon EOS line as well , such as the Canon 1Ds Mark II , which is about $ 7000 . 
Of course this camera does not nearly have the complexities like the 1Ds Mark II . 
Do n't take me wrong , I think the battery is decent , but not as great as other Ultra-Compacts , such as the Sony DCS-T33 . 
Unlike the Sony DSC-T7 , where there is no viewfinder in sight , even with the 2.5 inch screen , the Canon SD600 still has a viewfinder for those occasions where you want to conserve battery life by turning of the LCD screen . 
Well , they do n't even come close to the Canon SD600 . 
With the money from selling the SD400 , I purchased this camera for $ 245 , about a 20 dollars less than I paid for the SD400 . 
Unfortunately , the Rebel XT only sports a 1.8 inch screen , which is to say that the SD450 , a point and shoot that 's half the cost of the Canon Rebel XT , possesses better hardware than the higher grade SLR ( single lens reflex ) camera . 
The SD400 is the exact dimension as this camera besides the 2.5 inch screen . 
The construction of these two cameras are incredible . 
They 're built like tanks with solid metal . 
It also looks much better than what the Canon alternative can provide you . 
It feels solid in your hands versus some other Ultra Compacts such as the Nikon Coolpix 5200 , whose outer covering is made out of chinsy plastic . 
As mentioned earlier , I had the SD400 for over 1 and a half years and the SD600 contains almost exactly the same functions and features as the SD400 except for the different screen size and higher megapixels at 2816 x 2112 . 
This , in my opinion , is the greatest advantage with a digital camera versus a film camera . 
Yes , you could do that with a polaroid , but the quality of polaroids are not that good , especially when you compare it to the quality of a digital images taken with this camera . 
A cool feature about this camera ( like the SD400 ) is that it has a `` my color '' mode , which will allow the picture to become any color you want it to be except for specific things in the picture . 
Of course , it will not give you clear pictures of fast action that is happening in front of you like a professional SLR camera would but the Powershot SD600 is not meant for that . 
There are now other `` Point-and-Shoot '' camera out there that sports greater resolution than 6 megapixels . 
Just because you have a 7.1 megapixel camera does not mean those pictures will be clearer than the picture you took with this 6 megapixel camera . 
Trust me on this , because my dad had a `` 5 megapixel '' camera that he bought and my Oregon Scientific camera with 2 megapixels took better pictures than his . 
That is the reason why I decided on getting the Canon PowerShot SD600 instead of the Canon PowerShot SD550 . 
Besides the Canon PowerShot SD550 ELPH is a bit chuckier ( bigger ) than this Canon PowerShot SD600 . 
Yes , there are thinner camera and ones with 3 inch screens , but nowhere near the performance of the Canons . 
The reason for it being bigger than the SD600 is because of the bigger photosensor on the camera . 
I garantee you that you could not tell the difference between pictures taken with the Canon SD600 versus the Canon SD550 . 
There is a couple of Point-and-Shoot cameras made by other camera companies that are smaller and thinner than the Canon SD600 . 
Comparisions I mentioned some of the reasons why I chose this camera over other models above , but I wanted to expand on that to sort of share my reasons for choosing this model and ruling out other similar models since most people who are looking to buy this camera are looking into the same models . 
I eliminated Fuji and Olympus from my search for several reasons . 
Both manufacturers make few small models that include viewfinders which I consider an absolute necessity . 
Also , they both now take type M XD memory cards . 
These cards look the same as the old cards , but are not compatible in many readers . 
This is my experience with the camera and I 'm not saying every Olympus camera has this problem , but I have seen a trend in the later models . 
I also decided against a Sony as I found the quality of the images of them to be lacking . 
I have also found the quality of the Carl Zeiss lens to be unequal in different models . 
I felt the pictures were sharper and better exposed when taken with the Canon Elphs . 
Canon SD 550 : This camera is higher in megapixels and includes the DIGIC II processor . 
Compared side by side , I felt the image quality was about the same in both models . 
I chose this camera over even those models because it is a perfect fit for me and I think it is a perfect fit for anyone no matter what you are looking for in a camera . 
I did n't like the controls on the SD 550 nor the slight difference in size . 
The battery for the camera is harder to find as well since it is used in few models while the NB-4L is used in over 6 models . 
I also liked the addition of Color Accent and Color Swap in the newer models . 
: This camera is almost the exact same camera except for two specifications and a $ 50 price jump . 
The screen on this model is 3.0 '' instead of 2.5 '' and it has no viewfinder . 
The controls are situated differently including a switch located on top near the shutter button . 
The SD 630 also offers a slightly higher video resolutions . 
Both the screen and video resolution were features I did n't feel were significant to me . 
Canon SD 700 IS : The most expensive Elph so far at $ 499 , this camera was simply not worth the jump in price to me . 
Picture Quality This camera is 6 megapixels with one of the highest processors on the market ( The DIGIC II ) . 
The model offers additional features such as image stabilization and a 4x optical zoom ( 1x higher than the 600 and 630 ) . 
This one also had the same control placement problems as the SD 630 . 
It is the same processor that is used in Canon 's $ 5000 digital SLR that can be hooked up to a telescope for astrophotography . 
This new camera ( along with the SD 630 and SD 700 is ) has Canon 's new ISAPs technology which they boast improves picture quality even more . 
New Modes : The main reason I chose this model over both the SD 550 and the SD 450 , even though the 550 had a higher megapixel CCD , was that it has more of these features . 
They added color swap , color accent , and several other features to the SD 600 . 
The quality of both is very good , one of the best video features I 've seen on a digital camera . 
Also , one of the reasons I chose this model over both the SD 630 and SD 700 IS , is that the switch for the camera modes ( camera , video , and playback ) are on the top of the camera near the shutter button and are easy to hit accidentally . 
The exception to this is the Canon Elph series and I purchased the Canon SD 600 . 
These are very cheap and they offer a high-speed option so you can have less time between shots , increased battery life , and less time when transferring the pictures to the computer . 
There is slightly longer time between picture using the standard cards ( I tested it with the 16mb card it comes with ) . 
So next time you read the zoom range of a camera , keep this in mind.Not all cameras with 3x zoom have the same magnification range either . 
The Canon Elph line has lots of similar models : SD450 , SD550 , SD800 , SD900 ... 
The SD600 rocker is pretty flat , kind of like the SD400 . 
I actually like the feel of the SD450 rocker better , but the flat look of the SD400 and SD600 makes it seem more classy . 
New features : - 6MP on the SD600 vs 5MP on the SD450 . 
However , there is a certain peace of mind knowing that I can potentially blow up a picture larger or crop a picture more with the SD600 vs the SD450 . 
Again , I 'm not a die hard photography guy so I 'm gon na say the quality of the SD450 vs SD600 is on par , save the MP difference . 
- LCD has about 50 % more pixels . 
The SD450 has 115K pixels , the SD600 has 173K ( somewhere around there ) . 
To be honest , I thought the SD450 LCD was pretty clear already , even with the lesser amount of pixels . 
The SD600 does show noticeable improvement , but that improvement is still mild unless you put the two camera 's next to each other . 
I never had quality issues with my SD450 screen so I 'm assuming the SD600 LCD will be just as reliable for me as the SD450 . 
The new LCD is one of the new features that I feel is worthy of getting the newer SD600 . 
This feature makes the biggest visual improvement in image quality between the SD450 and the SD600 . 
You 'll probably have to get one of those Image Stablizer cameras to get even better low light shots . 
I have previously owned the SD450 and the basic feature set of that camera is nearly identical to the SD600 . 
Quality of pictures is on par as well , except for the obvious bump from 5MP to 6MP . 
Just worth mentioning since it 's a pretty significant difference in the menu . 
Before I got the SD450 I had the S200 so even though the SD450 did n't get great battery life , it was already a hell of a lot better to me and it seemed endless ! 
The SD600 supposedly has even slightly better battery life than the SD450 , I 'm guessing because of the new LCD screen . 
I 'm content with the battery life of both the SD450 and SD600 , I 've shot about 100 pictures with the SD600 so far and no battery warning yet . 
The internal optics when focusing and changing shooting modes seems a bit louder on the SD600 than the SD450 . 
Build quality feels just as sturdy as previous SD powershots . 
It is a TAD heavier than the SD450 , but you probably wo n't notice it . 
Just as quick as the SD450 , still excellent in this department . 
Overall I like the SD600 camera just as much , and a bit more , as I did the SD450 . 
But I can see many people not using the handful of new features on the SD600 so I 'm not going to give my full recommendation of upgrading to the SD600 from SD450 . 
Seeing how it was only $ 25 more than the SD450 , I went ahead and bit the bullet and I ended up getting it . 
If you do n't care for the extra MP and few extra features , and you 're not an electronics nut like me , chances are you 'll be better off sticking with the SD450 . 
On the surface , the SD600 even looks almost exactly like the SD450 except a slightly different shade of metal . 
Overall , my favorite camera brand is Olympus . 
But I 'm sad to say that the optical quality of the equivalent Olympus is not quite on par with this little Canon . 
I have a nice Olympus C-750 that has a sharper lens , with better zoom , better flash , and full manual control in addition to all the automatic modes . 
Although Canon now makes a model ( SD-630 ) only slightly more expensive with a 3 '' LCD , that one lost the optical viewfinder for the privilege . 
No other zoom lens this size can beat this little Canon . 
We previously had an old Casio `` compact '' digital camera before the Nikon and it was a slooooow , both in terms of autofocus speed , and shot to shot speed . 
This is definitely not a complete replacement for my SLR and minDV camcorder . 
The two models are almost identical , the SD600 sporting a few improvements . 
The LCD screen is a bit sharper , the 3-way mode selector switch feels more solid , and of course , it has an extra megapixel for improved image clarity . 
Consider the SD550 as well ... it has more megapixels and probably a more rounded , ergonomically pleasing shape . 
It seems to me that anything over a 5 megapixel camera is more than enough pixels for ordinary use . 
If I were to do it all over again , I would have also considered the Olympus Stylus 600 , which is perhaps a better value than the SD600 . 
* Compact size * The above-mentioned review , very in favor of this camera * Everybody I talked to , including a few camera-experts/friends , seemed to think that Canon made the best products . 
I wish that it had more battery shelf space , as the batteries are quite on the expensive side , but that is a minimal complain if any . 
It is much like many other cameras on the market , but what drew me to this was all of the several features , the lucid photos , the ease of downloading and the lightweight feel . 
For the target market of a compact easy to use camera , this camera is big winner ! 
As for comparisions with other Canon Powershot cameras , the Powershot SD630 does n't have a view finder , but has a larger LCD monitor in its place . 
The SD600 has both a view finder and a slightly smaller LCD screen . 
I got this camera to replace my kodak easyshare and mainly I wanted more pixels and a more compact camera and this one worked out perfectly . 
Everything the Kodak was lacking this camera had and more . 
Recently both cameras have been taking pictures with off colors and distorted pictures . 
Movie quality is as good as you 'd expect from a non-camcorder ( maybe better than I expected ) . 
I have a perfectly good 4MP Kodak , but we 've found that because of it 's somewhat larger size we do n't take it anywhere and therefore do n't take as many pictures as we 'd like . 
This is the best digital camera i have owned . 
The resolution is very good , better than the sony cybershot series . 
Canon 's new line of cameras is probably the best combination of aesthetics and functionality on the camera market today . 
If not , then you can try checking out the Canon A-Series which I imagine would have a few more features , but slightly poorer picture quality . 
It 's like they put together Sony ( who only focuses on looks and does n't care if the pictures it takes are crap ) and their older Canon models ( which were the fattest , ugliest things ever , but took great pictures ) into one slick product line . 
But come-on , for Canon it would only cost a few dollars more to include a 256 or at least a 64mb card . 
But unlike other cameras , at least this camera 's problems can be fixed with more money . 
This new model is substantially thinner and a bit shorter ( ~ 1/8 '' ) . 
The shot is n't that much better though . 
I thought 6 megapixel would blow away a 3.2 megapixel camera , but when you zoom in on photoshop , the quality is hard to discern . 
While I think this - and other Canon cameras as well - is a very good camera overall , it is well behind other cameras in many aspects : 1 . 
The Casio models are much better . 
comes on the LCD when trying ) ; see a bar during video playback , similar to you media player on your computer so you see graphically the length of your clip , and where are you now ( found on Casio and Fuji cameras ) ; Battery meter ( found on Casio models . ) 
( And they still use the lower 115,000 pixel LCD on other cameras , S80 , A700 , etc. ) 2 . 
And even when the flash does fire , I end up wishing it was a little stronger . 
Macro shots are great , but I use the optical viewfinder for better shots , it 's very hard to frame what you 're going to take correctly . 
You 'd be hard-pressed to tell the difference between a video from a low-end camcorder and this digital camera . 
Playback on the screen is much more enjoyable than my previous SD110 . 
Incredibly crisp and even looks better than chemical developing at the stores . 
Overall , it 's a great camera , although the optical viewfinder could have been better placed to avoid smudging the screen as well as bigger . 
The SD800IS is not a great improvement from the SD700IS . 
The only difference is that canon adds a higher resolution sensor and a wider lens . 
I could not find a great difference from the previous model . 
The picture quality was almost the same and the image stabilization was the same . 
( dust particles while snapping photos in dusty areas or ORBS while snapping in ghostly or haunted areas , ha ha Those who r crying over poor night photos , try this setting 2 get the true night pic better than its competitors like Sony , Casio , Olympus , etc. . 
I still ca n't get over how sharp the LCD on the 600 looks next to the 630 - another .5 '' really does make a large impact on resolution . 
The Canon SD600 has excellent build quality and materials , a decent battery charge , incredibly compact yet feels rugged ( an honest pocket camera ) , but the image quailty is way above anything I 've seen from Kodak . 
I 'm very pleased with this camera after a frustrating experience of my Kodak DX only lasting two years . 
I find this camera to be of the highest quality . 
I view this genre of cameras to be a point and shoot variety and it has met or surpassed my expectations . 
While this ELPH 's LCD is not stunning like some of its competitors , resolution and brightness are satisfactory in all but the harshest sunlight . 
Bearing in mind this is an ultracompact , the viewfinder is decent and a reason why I chose this over the SD630 , Casios , and Sonys . 
I travel a lot and wanted a quality ultracompact that would take pictures of the same caliber ( or better ) as my A80 , but be much more pocket-friendly . 
This Canon is the best compromise for me : excellent photos , solid construction , and very pocket - and travel-friendly . 
Battery life could be better . 
I considered a number of cameras : Canon SD4xx/5xx/6xx , Sony 's T series , Casio 's Z series , and Panasonic 's FX01 . 
well i had the sd450 and that was also a good camera saw this in best buy liked it and bought it home amazing quality . 
I guess the new models all have this sound . 
The video works great , better than my old Kodak Easyshare . 
I chose it over the 630 because I wanted the viewfinder . 
My Kodak was always low on battery power and I was concerned that with only the larger screen I would have problems . 
Canon by far makes the best cameras . 
Overall , I am pleased , but I would have preferred a camera with stabilization after using it a while . 
it would probably be simpler if it used AAA or AA batteries , but perhaps it needs more power than that and the size of the camera is a major constraint in terms of that . 
It meets and exceeds my every expectation . 
Finally , the price after rebate got so low ( comparing to what the camera used to cost ) that I bought the C anon Digital Rebel XT with an 18-55 mm lens as a ... 
I have used Sony and I must admit that Sony is little more user friendly than Canon but there is a fair difference in image quality . 
Just something about the image processing and the post editing on photoshop that makes this so much easier . 
Seriously , I have seen all the pictures that my other firends and family have taken with their lame cameras - and it is nothing like the pictures I can taek with my Canaon . 
This is by far the best camera I have ever owned . 
What makes it even better is the price as compared to the other $ 500 - $ 600 cameras . 
It 's exactly the same price at Amazon , but it has IS , and also a 10x optical zoom ! 
The SD600 ( $ 212 ) is better than the rest all put together . 
at around 250 dollars after getting a memory card it is much less expensive next to similar 6 megapixel cameras . 
And at $ 200 you ca n't find a better deal . 
My old camera was so much bigger and I had to store it in a camera bag . 
Most users do n't need more advanced features or higher resolution , so this camera makes things SIMPLE . 
Size and Weight ( much smaller and lighter than the Nikon D70 or Canon 20D ) 3 ) . 
* Auto-focus Slower than 20D - Yes , but what do you expect for a $ 600 price difference ? 
Good lenses will help keep the auto-focus as fast as possible . 
He uses a smaller P&S camera with no problems . 
Image quality difference between the Rebel XT and the 20D is non-existent in my amateur eyes . 
The LCD is 1.8 inches and the view finder is about 10 % smaller than the 20D . 
* Menus are Hard to Use - Well , they are more cumbersome than the 20D , but I would n't say HARD to use . 
* ISO Setting Not Visible in the Viewfinder - Sadly , very true , but other cameras lack this feature as well . 
TIPS The Canon Rebel XT and the 20D might be thought of as a Toyota Camry and Lexus . 
Both with get you from Point A to Point B , but the Lexus will get you there in more comfort and style . 
The 20D is easier to navigate , has more features , more auto-focus points ( 9 vs 7 ) , better quality and faster auto-focus , 66 % faster FPS ( 5 FPS vs 3 FPS ) , larger frame buffer ( 23 vs 14 ) , has a larger LCD , faster shutter ( 1/8000 vs 1/4000 ) , faster flash x-sync speed ( 1/250 vs 1/200 ) , a longer lasting battery ( 1000 shots vs 600 ) , faster shutter lag ( 65ms vs 100ms ) , shortened view finder blackout ( 115ms vs 170ms ) , more custom functions ( 18 vs 9 ) , ships with better software ( Adobe PhotoShop Elements 2 vs ArcSoft Photo Studio 5.5 ) , offers a lower ISO ( 3200 vs 1600 ) , and has a longer shutter life ( 150,000 vs 50000 ) shots . 
If you consider repairing a shutter costs about $ 250 , the price between the two cameras even out in the long run . 
I 'd rather have the Rebel XT and a good lens than the 20D and a mediocre lens . 
That said , I 'd rather have the Rebel XT in some situations , like and fishing or hiking trips . 
Some people with small hands would probably prefer the Rebel XT . 
A newer better camera will come out and some people wo n't feel so bad upgrading if they have the Rebel XT . 
Also , go to Fry 's or a local camera shot to try out any cameras and then consider purchasing it from a reputable on-line retailer if they offer a lower price . 
After trying both the D70 and Rebel XT , and comparing features , I ended up purchasing the Canon Rebel XT . 
As mentioned earlier , the Nikon D70 is a good choice too and some reviewers think it is the better camera ( http://www.digitalreview.ca/cams/NikonD70versusRebelXT.shtml ) . 
If you can wait , Nikon will answer the Rebel XT with something very good , and that will give you even more choices . 
Nikon was offering a $ 200 rebate on the D70 making it compatible with the $ 999 price tag on the Rebel XT . 
Both are fine cameras and you wo n't go wrong with either one . 
However , I decided on the Rebel XT because of 1 ) . 
I recently upgraded from the Canon SD450 to the SD600 . 
The picture quality on the SD600 is of course better than the 450 and I have not had any complaints at all . 
Only complaint if anything , I wish it were faster . 
I cant think of anything better . 
Like most compact digitals , it does n't handle low light all that well , but it does at least try . 
This is my third canon , and they keep getting better . 
Once the decision to buy a dSLR was made , it was almost a no-brainer for me to choose Canon , for three reasons : a. Good entry-level dSLR offerings ( 300D and the 350D ) b. Good bundled AF zoom lens ( for the price ) c. Ability to use a larger number of lenses from Canon and other OEMs such as Sigma , etc. . 
Form Factor and Size : The Rebel XT is lighter and more compact than its predecessor . 
With the packaged 18-55 lens , it is longer than the Olympus 8080 but it has a similar body footprint and weight . 
However , the smaller body and lighter weight are both key selling features for me as it will be hard for me to get my wife to use a large and heavy camera . 
Processor and sensor : The Rebel XT uses the second generation DIGIC II processor and has a 8 megapixel CMOS sensor ( vs. 6 megapixel of Rebel 300D . ) 
Combined with a larger , faster buffer , the XT out-performs its predecessor very noticeably in responsiveness , CF card write operations , as well as multiple shot ( drive mode ) capability . 
I believe this could be attributed to the combination of faster processor , faster buffer , faster write operations and fast CF card . 
The new lens looks almost the same as the previous version and an amateur like me may find it difficult to discern any noticeable differences in performance between the two lenses . 
The XT retains the 7-point auto focusing system from the 300D . 
Picture Quality : This is where the XT very noticeably beats the 300D . 
While the 6 megapixel CMOS on the 300D produces amazing quality photos , the XT with 8 megapixel generates sharper and more vibrant pictures . 
In a `` shoot-out '' between my brother and I , it was immediately apparent that the XT produced much better picture quality when shooting the same scene with the same settings . 
The XT beat the 300D in the file writing department as well , even though the XT was writing a larger file to the CF card . 
It uses the same battery system as the Canon Elura digital camcorder ( see my review here : ) so I already have a whole of set of extra chargers and batteries ! 
I played with the Canon SpeedLite 420 EX and encountered similar problems , albeit at different distances . 
It is not to say that the shots taken with either the internal flash or the external SpeedLite in full auto mode are unacceptable , they just look a lot better when shot with some minor adjustments to the exposure settings . 
In the XT I have a camera that meets both our requirements and it was only a few hundred bucks more expensive than high-end P&S . 
I see this as a better investment than getting a `` disposable '' P&S every couple of years . 
I held it to a cigarette box and it is exactly the same size . 
I had a sony cybershot before and this is one of the best features ... that you can take a picture , then zoom and crop it on the fly on the camera itself , not so with the SD600 . 
I bought this little camera to use when I did n't want to lug my bigger Nikon around . 
I went with the the 600 as opposed to the SD630 because it has the exact same features as the SD630 , except for the fact that the SD630 has a 3 '' LCD screen as opposed to the SD600 's 2.5 '' screen . 
But with the bigger screen , you get no viewfinder - and that was something that I wanted , because in certain shooting situations , a viewfinder is the better choice to use over the LCD . 
Plus the SD600 was $ 50 cheaper ( which I spent on my SD card ) . 
Had a Nikon N90s and switched to the digital technology trynig to get something less bulky and easier to deal with . 
You can buy the `` body '' alone , without a lens , but getting the `` kit '' provides a decent zoom lens for not much more money . 
The kit lens provided with the Nikon camera bodies is much higher quality than the one that Canon provides , but the Canon lens is so inexpensive that it 's still worth getting . 
I chose the Canon Rebel XT for several reasons . 
You should also note that the two Nikons in this camera class are excellent , high quality units and should also be considered . 
The D70S is also top notch , but I found it a bit bulky and a bit pricey for a 6mp camera . 
The XT 's big brother , the 20D , is a fantastic camera but at a $ 600 premium I found I could do with a slower burst speed and fewer Auto Focus points . 
Battery life on the Nikons is about three times better but , quite frankly , at this point it 's not much of an issue . 
This means that your wide angle is n't really that wide , and your zoom is actually even more . 
The resolution of the LCD is adequate , but not quite as good as some other cameras . 
I will make a blanket statement here : you can get better `` out of camera '' pictures from most point and shoot digital cameras . 
Also , both the Nikon D50 and D70S will provide sharper pictures with better color saturation and contrast right out of the camera . 
What comes out of this camera is closer to a RAW image than to a processed JPEG file . 
In the end , most of us who feel it 's time to upgrade to a DSLR will be looking at the Nikon D70S , the Nikon D50 , the Canon 20D , and the Canon Rebel XT ( also known as the 350D overseas ) . 
There are a few reasons , notably better image quality , no shutter lag , more control over the camera 's functions , and the ability to use different lenses on the camera body . 
They compared it to other SD600 cameras , and wrote that it 's normal to see such blue lines . 
Display and control of shutter speeds and aperture would be a nice addition to the SD600 . 
For users who want best of class image quality , shirt pocket portability , and design that would make Ipod and SubZero proud , this ( or the SD700is ) is the camera to buy . 
When I hold both cameras in my hand the Sony feels like a brick . 
The Canon is half as thick , and third less wide ( right to left ) , the same height , and considerably lighter . 
The Bottom Line Best choice out of the bunch ( Nikon D70 , Canon 20D , 300D ) b/c it has the most to offer for the least amount of $ $ $ . 
I tested out all the normal setting on this camera ranging from action to macros to portrait to landscape , but I was a bit uncomfortable in testing out the more advance feature , which I will do once I start taking the photography class . 
That means I wo n't lean toward a Nikon or a Canon because I do n't have any previous lenses from these two manufacturers . 
Picture quality superior to anything I 've seen Full Review How should I start this ? 
Yes , I know that at 6.3 megapixels , your pictures will look the same as those taken with an 8.0 megapixel camera when printed on a 4x6 piece of paper . 
He always buys crap because it is cheaper , so why go with more expensive items when he could spend the least amount of money possible ? 
I was deciding between the Nikon D70 vs. Canon 350D vs Canon 20D . 
The Canon 20D was about $ 350 more expensive than the 350D , so my naive brain thought , `` $ 350 bucks could really go a long way !!! '' I never thought that 3 and a half `` C '' notes do n't mean jack in the SLR world . 
Again , my naivete got the better of me and I chose to go with the `` kit '' lens . 
I looked at the cold , hard facts and that was the Nikon D70 was at 6.3 Megapixels but with a much better , higher quality `` kit '' lens ( the Nikkor lens is $ 400 vs Canon 's $ 100 lens ) . 
The Rebel XT also could do about everything the 20D could do , except faster frame rates ( 3 frames/sec vs 5 frames/s ) , and also have a lower ISO setting of 1600 vs 3200 . 
Other than those two differences , that was it . 
I know the functionality of the 20 is better , especially being able to navigate through the settings better than the Rebel XT , but everything else the Rebel XT was able to compete nicely with it 's bigger , older brother . 
The 300D was far more comfortable and the D70 was the most comfortable when holding it . 
Both the Canons ( 300D & Rebel XT ) felt VERY plasticy . 
The Rebel XT felt like a toy because it was so incredibly light . 
When I later held the Canon 20D at Fry 's Electronics , it felt exactly like the Nikon D70 . 
The D70 does not have the benefit of an extension battery grip , but all the Canons do , so that pretty much solidified my choice in going with the Canon . 
The Nikon looks nicer and more professional-like , but the Canon offers more function for the buck . 
Holding the battery grip vertically feels a lot more natural and comfortable due to it 's bigger size than the regular grip . 
I immediately found out the limitations of the 18-55mm lens . 
However , even the night portrait mode at moderate light is very sub-par and often blurry when viewed on a large screen . 
The Bottom Line Good for people who need more than a point and shoot but do n't want to spend big bucks . 
As for the ruggedness , it does feel less sturdy than the D80 ( which is the only other SLR that I 've tested ) , but not so much that you think it will break if you shake it around a bit . 
For all I know , this may be the worst or best image quality ever seen on an SLR . 
That 's a pretty good price compared to everything else that I 've seen , except for the D50 , which I did n't even bother comparing . 
Some people will not like that though , since it makes the camera feel more fragile . 
Size : It 's quite small , smaller than most cameras available now , which is obviously why it weighs less . 
You can expect to get less than that . 
Compared to other cameras , however , it 's not all that great ( I do n't know the exact numbers so I wo n't list them , but I believe the Nikon gets at least double that ) . 
There is extremely little shutter lag , on par with cameras more than twice it 's cost ( according to test data from Cnet and other places ) , which is perfect for night shots and action shots . 
The `` M '' mode was easy enough ( manual ) , but I had a hard time remembering the difference between `` Av '' ( aperture adjustment ) , `` TV '' ( shutter lag ) , and `` P '' ( Program AE ) . 
Compact Flash : There 's nothing about it that makes the images worse quality than an SD or the likes , it 's just bigger and more expensive , which is never good . 
An SD slot would have been better in my opinion , although some people told me that CF cards are more resistant to shock and vibration , although I have n't done any research on it , so I ca n't deny or verify that . 
I was actually going to get a Nikon D80 , but after seeing that it came out to over $ 1500 , I did more research and came to the Rebel . 
The optional vertical grip for the Canon 5D seems to be where Canon has some advantage over Nikon . 
In any case , it feels more durable than the Nikon MB-D200 vertical grip . 
I have n't had any problems with the Nikon grip , even on this day of relentless rain , but it feels considerably more plasticy than the 5D 's vertical grip . 
Before I say anything about image quality , I 'd like to address the issue of professional vs. amateur cameras . 
I look at the noise patches to see if there is any significant difference in noise between cameras . 
Looking at the images I shot of the same scene with the Nikon D200 and 5D , these cameras have the same dynamic range and the same visible noise characteristics . 
I 've heard that laboratory tests show that the 5D has less noise at extremely high ISO 's , but I found no difference whatsoever from ISO 100 through ISO 800 in my real world tests . 
When I asked my colleague what her opinion was of the image quality of the D200 and 5D , she said she thought the D200 resolved detail slightly better . 
I was surprised she said this , considering the extra two megapixels on the 5D 's sensor . 
Another review of the photos I shot and I could n't convince myself that one camera was obviously better than the other in terms of image quality , but I could occasionally find slightly more detail in some of my Nikon shots . 
My feeling is that this is due to the better Nikon glass in my lens , in this particular case . 
Despite some minor issues such as the slight vignetting , this camera is still a winner for image quality and joins the ranks of other superb digital cameras including the Nikon D2X and Canon 1D in this respect . 
Just remember its shortcomings and make sure that a 30D wo n't do the same thing for you for less than half the price . 
I 've shot with the Canon 20D and I could swear it had less shutter lag , but maybe I 'm imagining that . 
Recommended for photo enthusiasts who need more than the 30D and have money to burn . 
Hard to believe a camera that is over a year newer and costs twice as much would have more shutter lag but if it does , Canon is having some design problems here . 
For a lot of photographers , the minimal shutter lag of the 5D will have little or no impact on their ability to get the shots , but I felt like it interrupted my shooting flow slightly compared to the D200 . 
My second observation of speed with the 5D was that the buffer did n't handle continuous RAW shooting quite as well as the D200 . 
Autofocus speed with a short USM zoom was just as fast as my D200 with a similar lens - no complaints here . 
However , focus accuracy was not as impressive . 
This is a higher percentage of missed focus than I 've experienced with most other cameras . 
The 5D offers only 3 frames per second ( fps ) vs. the 5 frames per second that is usually the minimum required by most photojournalists and sports shooters . 
Both manufacturers have been pushing the digital imaging field with some impressive innovations . 
As I discovered , for street level photojournalism , the extra two fps offered by the Nikon D200 ( as well as some of Canon 's other digital cameras ) , can make the difference between getting the shot or not , but only on occasion . 
My colleague was able to capture some critical motion with my D200 that I missed with her 5D , but I ca n't convince myself this is solely due to the slower fps rate of the 5D . 
This camera has a much longer learning curve than the Nikon D200 . 
Nikon takes a different approach and makes camera functionality more accessible with buttons on the outside of the camera body . 
The Nikon D200 is one of the most ergonomic cameras I have ever used and now I 'm spoiled by it . 
In the past , I 've also shot with both Canon and Nikon film cameras and I 've always been very happy with both brands . 
Perhaps this is a more personal preference than I 'm aware ; there are probably photographers out there who prefer Canon 's deep menu system to Nikon 's button approach . 
If this is you , then the 5D may work better for you than Nikon 's offerings . 
The grip is deep and the body of the camera feels robust but again , not quite as robust as the Nikon D200 . 
I think the is mostly pointless because both manufacturers produce great cameras and lenses that allow me to get the images I need and that 's always the bottom line for me . 
In the field , the buttons and dials all worked fine , but not as well as those found on the D200 . 
There is no significant improvement here over the Canon 20D , which is disappointing for a camera costing this much . 
My first impression is that the controls of the 20D feel even slightly better built than the 5D . 
She said her manager had bought the 5Ds to save money over the EOS 1D 's . 
This is one of the more inconvienent features that I found on the Rebel XT and was hoping that the 5D would correct . 
That is the fastest card I 've ever lay eyes to for a Compact Flash . 
There is , of course faster Secure Digital cards , but that ca n't be used with the Canon 5D . 
Another difference between the Rebel XT and the 5D is the fact that the LCD screen is on the top rather than next to the monitor . 
Speaking of the LCD Monitor , it is substantially larger than the Rebel XT 's which has a measly 1.8 inch screen that really did not conveyed quality . 
This 2.5 inch screen on the 5D really has given this camera a very effective advantage over the 20D , which also sports the 1.8 inch screen . 
On top of that , the screen allow for a wide view angles , unlike my Rebel XT which , when turned more than 90 degree , the image fades to monochrome . 
This camera allows better custom white balance and it has the Kelvin stepping that professionals used from a setting of 2800-100000 at a stepping of 100K . 
There is a definite learning curve to this , but my pictures are not nearly as yellowish and the quality is far superior than what I encountered with the Rebel XT in terms of white balance for tungsten lighting . 
I looked at the Canon 20D , but it was not that much of an upgrade from the Rebel XT because it had pretty much the exact same settings as the Rebel XT . 
All three of these cameras have a 15x22 sensor . 
Canon will eventually be unable to cram anymore megapixels into the 15x22 frame and thus , it would eventually need to move up to a bigger frame than the APS-size format ( 15x22 ) . 
This full-sized framed sensor contains the exact same megapixel density as the one in the Rebel XT and the 20D , except expanded to a full frame . 
Let me tell you , with this new sensor size , it makes a world of difference when you look in the viewfinder . 
You will think that you completely missed out on what the rest of the picture looks like compared to the Rebel XT 's smallish viewfinder . 
This is virtually the same size as a 35mm negative . 
This means that lenses used on this camera will produce the exact same field of view as a 35mm . 
The Canon Rebel XT 's sensor is about 62.5 % the size of this camera 's sensor . 
Unlike the Nikon D2X , which still uses a cropped sensor , The Canon 5D will have some problems with the full frame sensor . 
This camera is no different . 
If I still had the Canon Rebel XT , I would need to get the EF-S 10-22mm f3.5-4 .5 USM lens for the Rebel XT to match the focal length of the 17-40mm f4 .0 L lens on the Canon 5D . 
The Canon 10-22mm F3.5-4 .5 USM lens is going for a cool $ 800 , which was about the cost of my Rebel XT when I bought it . 
The Canon 17-40mm f4 .0 L still cost me about same but I also get a better range and the legendary `` L '' quality for the same price . 
IMPRESSIONS This camera is all magnesium built , so there is really no plasticy feel on it like the Canon Rebel XT that I own . 
Unfortunately , Canon did not weather-seal this camera , so I could not use it in the same environments as the 1Ds Mark II , which is a very rugged camera . 
This is very unfortunate but acceptable , since this camera is marketed in-between the 20D and the 1Ds Mark II . 
As I mentioned before , the viewfinder on this camera is gigantic when compareed to the Rebel XT . 
On top of that , because of the APS size of the sensor , the viewfinder really is n't that bright ( although it was supposely brighter than the original Digital Rebel ) . 
The EOS 5D uses the same battery as the 20D , which means I had to get a whole set of new backup batteries and a new battery grip for this camera . 
Speaking of heft , this camera is definitely bigger than the 20D . 
It might not look like it is that much bigger , but the grip will immediately inform you that you are holding a heftier camera . 
Not only do I had to relearn the menu access through the scroll wheel , but the menus are arranged completely differently than the Rebel XT . 
It does n't come up to par with them in several ways . 
The first thing I noticed moving form the APS-C sensor 8.3 MP EOS 20D to the full frame 12.8 MP EOS 5D is that the image quality instantly becomes better . 
The way in which it does match the higher end cameras though is in potential image quality . 
I could n't achieve the sharpness I have on my 5D when using the 20D - even with the same lenses there was a slight difference in quality . 
BUILD The 5D chassis is based on a magnesium alloy and stainless steel and is similar to the EOS 20D although it is a lot heavier and feels more solid in my hand . 
IS the 5D twice the camera that the 20D is ? 
However it is better in so many ways such as image quality and handling that I have to say I think it is only marginally overpriced . 
You can argue that it is close enough to the price of the 1D series that it should be better for the money , but I think that 's only partially true . 
If it were much better in any direction - build quality , image size , burst rate etc , you 'd have a full-on pro camera and that would n't be released at less than half the price of its mentors . 
It is expensive , but it is also one of the best cameras in its class and really it has forged a new class . 
The build is high quality but not as rugged as cameras of a higher price which can survive greater shocks without failing . 
It does n't feature the same high quality environment-resistant seals as the pro range either . 
That means that technically it is n't as dust and weather resistant . 
I suspect in similar circumstances the 5D would have performed equally well . 
Frankly I think in use ( by non-extreme-pros ) this camera is as rugged as it needs to be for you to have confidence that it will continue to work well if you treat it with the dignity the price tag suggests . 
The viewfinder is a really nice size , a 2.5 '' extravaganza which clearly shows the image and colors and allows a better impression of what you are reviewing than smaller formats allow . 
However , the 5D ( like the 20D ) has a very bright color LCD display ( by default ) which can give the user a false impression of how well the image is exposed . 
For me , turning the LCD brightness down a bit and adding guerrilla protection actually makes the brightness and contrast more similar to my monitor which , int turn , is calibrated to my printer . 
High ISOs are faster , but image quality declines . 
The LCD display is 2.5 '' wide , same as that on the 400D and 30D , making image review easy . 
The 5D body is compact ( compared to the 1D ) , which makes it easier to store in a pack or carry for long hikes . 
My hands are smaller than most , so using the 5D is a change for me over the more comfortable 350D . 
This is also a hard sell against the 30D which is cheaper , yet has a faster burst mode ( 5 frames per second ) . 
Else , the 30D is a great , cheaper alternative . 
For self-photographers - A note on the wireless remote The wireless remote for the 5D is significantly more expensive and less portable than that of the 350D . 
The 5D remote is larger than that of the 350D , and does not attach to the neck strap . 
However , the 5D remote uses RF signals which can easily cover 100 feet , unlike the IR signal on the 350D which could barely cover 10 feet for me . 
Conclusion Other than the full-frame sensor , most consumers would not notice or appreciate any feature difference between the 5D and the 30D . 
Selling points - In which I explain why I bought the 5D My main reason for me upgrading from 350D to 5D ( and skipping the 30D ) was the full-frame sensor . 
Have now owned the 5D for a weekend and what a difference to the 20D . 
High quality , big , fast ( 300mm + ) lenses are more common than super wide ( 16mm or less ) fast lenses . 
Quality is second only to the Pro Canon digitals ( along with weight & cost ) . 
Nothing rivals it in performance per buck . 
There are 3 main advantages to the 5d : Image quality - comparable to even to the top of the line 1dsMKII , the image quality of of the 5d is beautiful and pro level . 
Large LCD Screen - the screen is much larger than on previous cameras , including the 1dsMKII . 
Form Factor - it has a smaller form factor than the higher pro cameras and is not very heavy . 
With each of my point and shoot digital cameras , my top concern was shutter lag . 
This was a lot easier to get used to than I had feared , though , and now is n't even an issue . 
UPDATE : Three months later , I am still absolutely amazed at how much better my pictures are . 
There 's no focusing help , like a focusing prism , on this lens to make it easier to use manual focus , either . 
Located somewhere between the EOS 20D and the EOS 1D , the 5D is likely to appeal to those looking for a step up from the 20D without the environmental sealing found in the professional models . 
One noteworthy feature of the 5D is spot metering , a helpful feature missing in the 20D . 
The EOS 5D body is approximate in dimensions and weight to the EOS 20D while having a larger 2.5 '' LCD view screen . 
Why just the comparison with a camera like the Nikon D70 1.6 crop ? 
The EOS 5D is closer in price to sub-1K cameras than it is to the 1DS II . 
Who in his or her right mind would expect a full frame sensor to shoot as fast as a 20D which , admittedly , would be `` nice '' ? 
Essentially the 7.9 seems to be saying that the 5D should have all the features of the 1DS , but for under three grand . 
You 're comparing it straight up with the 1Ds ( well over double the price , ) D2X ( $ 2,000 more ) , Mark II N ( not full frame but still $ 1,000 more ) , etc. as though they were all the same price . 
The optional grip seems well thought out but does n't seem as good a fit as that on the 10D ( slight gap visible ) . 
Vewfinder seems as good as 1Ds . 
Mode dial for TV/AV etc : I prefer the 1 series layout . 
Add in the lower depreciation and insurance costs in comparison to a 1Ds and it makes even more sense . 
In conclusion : a very worthwhile backup to a 1Ds and much better than a 10D . 
It even has some advantages over the 1Ds ( size , weight , batteries ) . 
Much better than 10D . 
Very similar to 10D . 
Compare the 20D , 5D 's Continuous speed is slow , also the syne speed . 
There are too many plusses to list , yes its considerably more expensive than a DRebel , but for what it offers compared to the 7000 $ 1DsMKII its a bargain ! 
This camera is an excellent bargain , and the only direct competition it has is the nikon d200 . 
Autofocusing is very quick and better than the Canon 20d in a noticeable way . 
I wish mirror lock-up was easier to do . 
If you are doing landscape , architectural or interior photography , ditch the Nikon and go with the Canon . 
The reason is the full-frame sensor will give you a lot wider angle shot from the same lense class . 
For me , in some settings there simply is not a good lense option for anything less than a full-frame sensor . 
The higher 16 megapixel canon produces fine images but is the worse camera i have ever seen in using . 
It creates much better picture than Rebel XT . 
I think the 12.5 mega of larger pixels makes the big difference . 
For all of the niceties on the 20D it was never really useful as a backup because the images were not nearly as detailed , and the EF-S lens ( which I needed because I shoot wide ) were much softer and slower than the wide primes . 
What I do n't like is the layout of the controls - which I am getting used to but , I much prefer the layout of controls on the 1Ds compared to the 20D - the 5D seems to have more of the 20D 's design . 
I think more people will jump at the chance to pay half the price of a 1Ds than will be willing to pay twice the price of a 20D . 
Takes high resolution excellent pictures ( better than Nikon D2X ) , easy to use and built like a tank . 
you 'll spend around $ 5000 but its worth it ... much better than 20D or the heavier 1D Mark II N.I would have given it a perfect 10 if it had the built in flash . 
However , the 5D costs less than HALF what the 1Ds MkII will set you back . 
The eyepiece is also a bit larger and brighter than the 20D/30D which is a welcome change . 
And the flash synch and metering for this camera are second to none . 
For those who truly love photography and need great resolution in their products , the 5D is a winner . 
Have now tried 2 5D 's , both with bad pixels . 
Would recomend comparison to Nikon D200 . 
Who wants to buy my 20D ?? - heck , it is too nice to throw away but it is an antique now ... I got my hands on this model at the press release shindig and wow !! The fps is lower than the 20D but only a novice picks numbers over performance - the buffer on this thing is huge and will roll over the 20D . 
If you need fast fps - you must be a sports photag and you would n't be using the 20D but the EOS-1D Mark II N anyway . 
Both great cameras , but only a responsible review would have a comparison between two great cameras and not indicate such a disparity between the two ratings . 
High quality lenses make a huge difference ! 
It is undoubtedly the best camera I have owned . 
I have owned both Canon and Nikon film cameras for many years - this is the first digital camera I have encountered that makes me comfortable retiring my film SLRs in favor of a digital format . 
It is real an other world and the difference from my 20d in quality is enormous . 
Better digital DSRL I ever had ! 
Noise from the full frame sensor is as low or lower than anything else out there including the pro series cameras . 
Resolution is better than anything but the 1DsMkII ( which it outperforms in the noise department ) . 
It is lighter and more compact than the 1-series . 
What you get is top of the line imagery at a dramatically lower price with the loss of some 2nd/3rd tier features . 
Yes the camera is bigger and bulky but that 's the price you pay for much better quality pictures ! 
Should not be compared to the 20D ( which in its own right is a great camera ) Measured against the 1D , this camera is absolutely stunning considering the price , features and image quality.If it had a built in flash , it could have been a ' 10 ' 
In good light conditions , the quality of the images rivals some of the most expensive DSLR 's I have used . 
I found it took longer to load up and did basically the same things as Picasa . 
I quickly started using the more advanced modes . 
They are intuitive and the smaller LCD screen on the back of the camera gives you instant access to everything you need in terms of shutter , aperature , etc. . 
The Canon 20D has a few more options , and is a bit heavier and more substantial , but not worth the extra $ 700CDN for me . 
The original Rebel is good , but for $ 300CDN extra , I ca n't imagine not getting the XT . 
The increase in resolution , the decrease in size , and the extremely fast start up time make it worth the money - the kit lens has also been upgraded as well . 
For a starter D-SLR , the Canon Digital Rebel XT can not be beat . 
For professionals , this camera makes a great backup D-SLR , and is easier to take around than the 20D , and still has the same image quality . 
I went to the electronics shop and saw the new Rebel XT - it was noticeably smaller than the original Rebel , and the difference in mexapixels and start-up time seemed to be great additions . 
This is the best camera I 've ever owned . 
It is most usable canon ever ! 
Spend the money and step up to professional grade lenses and you will see a dramatic difference than the 20D . 
This camera should sell for less than a thousand dollars . 
The Nikon D200 digital SLR is Nikon 's first 10.2 MP camera and while it offers a little less resolution than Nikon 's current flagship , the D2Xs , it provides users with professional level features and images at a less than full scale professional price . 
Again , there is n't a significant difference in color rendition between the current professional digital SLRs , although I 've been slightly more impressed with the D200 than the above mentioned models . 
The Adobe RGB color space is less impressive than the sRGB color space , except when an image is filled with the boldest shades imaginable . 
Since nature has more variation between the less bold shades than it has occurrences of the most bold shades , sRGB is a noticeably superior color space and I leave it selected most of the time . 
Dynamic Range ( UPDATED ) The dynamic range of the D200 is nearly identical to all other digital SLRs , which means it has poor dynamic range relative to film . 
Film still has a significant advantage over digital here , and this contributes to my F100 sometimes providing superior image quality to the D200 . 
It seems that Nikon just took the Matrix Metering off the F100 and did n't adjust for the significantly lower dynamic range of current digital sensors . 
However , they are sometimes not as good as the images obtained by my F100 ( which costs about half as much ) when I 'm shooting ISO 100 slide film , and when the slides are scanned with a drum scanner . 
With my Nikon Coolscan V scanner , images from ISO 100 slide film and ISO 400 slide film are not quite as sharp as the RAW images from the D200 , but the color resolution of the film scan seems equal . 
At ISO 800 , the D200 starts to make up a ground and yields images that are better than color ISO 800 film scanned on the Nikon Coolscan V. I have not drum-scanned any ISO 800 film , so I ca n't make this comparison . 
Digital and film are different media . 
Conclusions and Comparisons Compared to Nikon D2X Once again , Nikon continues to lead the way in the digital price-to-performance ratio . 
Amazingly , the D200 will do most of what the superb D2X does , for half the price . 
There are some features of the F100 that I prefer over the F5 , but the F5 is always my go-to camera when the going gets really tough . 
The D2X and D200 have the same relationship for me . 
Although it yields nearly the same image quality as the D200 , it 's unfortunately twice as expensive , lacks environmental seals , only shoots at 3 fps , has less buffer capacity , lacks the superb ergonomics of the D200 , and feels noticeably less well built than the D200 . 
For these reasons , the Nikon D200 is considerably more of a professional camera than the Canon 5D , which I consider to be mostly an advanced amateur camera ( and a good one at that ) . 
Professional build quality , excellent image quality , and the most intuitive controls available . 
Both my F5 and F100 feel even more robust , but I do n't worry about the D200 taking some hits when I 'm shooting and that 's probably what is most important . 
Handling So , is the handling as good as the F100 or F5 as some other reviewers have suggested ? 
However , it 's very close and it 's as close as you can get without investing $ 4000 in the Nikon D2X , itself a superb camera that shares many of the features and specifications of the D200 . 
The buttons on the rear of the camera are slightly larger than the D100 and D70 , which does make them easier to operate . 
The larger LCD ( 2.5 inches ) has very good resolution and is visible in most lighting conditions , but I still struggle to see the menu in direct sunlight . 
The larger size does make menu operation a little easier . 
I wish Nikon would have kept the round viewfinder design of the F100 and F5 because I feel these work better with the human eye . 
This is one of the reasons that I always considered the D100 to be a superior camera to the D70 . 
The MB-D200 is no exception ; besides doubling the battery power and therefore the number of shots between charges , the MB-D200 also greatly improves the overall handling characteristics of the D200 . 
Certainly not as fast as the F5 or F6 , but it nearly keeps up with my F100 . 
The D70 suffers from the same problem . 
The Multi-Cam 1000 in the D200 is noticeably faster and has n't yet caused me to miss any shots . 
Again , it 's not up to the benchmark standard set by the F100 , but it certainly gets the job done and I can spend my time thinking about composition rather than worrying about getting the shot . 
Although I have no way of quantitatively measuring shutter lag , I can easily say that in my experience , this is the quickest firing digital camera I have used . 
Faster than my D100 , certainly faster than my old 5400 Coolpix , and nearly as fast as my F100 film camera . 
The Nikon D200 will yield images at least as good as any of these cameras when judged on a computer monitor or as a display quality print with a discerning eye . 
Anyone who tells you there is a significant difference in image quality between these digital SLRs is trying to sell you something . 
Since this is the highest ISO I ever use ( and most photographers are likely to need unless you 're using slow lenses or photographing darkness ) , I mostly consider noise a non-issue with this camera , as I do with the Canon 5D , Nikon D2X , and Canon 1D Mark II . 
As several review sites have noted , the D200 has slightly above average noise at ISO 1600 , which may be a concern if you need to make large prints ( 8 X 10 or larger ) . 
In my opinion , ISO 1600 is still usable because there is n't really a loss of detail , but the image quality is noticeably less than it is at ISO 800 . 
In truth , the focus system is good : better than most of the systems that I 've seen . 
No , the sensors are not as , uh , sensitive as some of the other cameras on the market , and there may be fewer of them , too . 
On the other hand , this camera runs about half of what some other models cost . 
It 's more complex , requires more homework , it 's heavier and pickier about hand-holding technique ( with long lenses ) . 
The D200 is in all respects a better camera . 
Dynamic range is excellent , and an improvement on the D70 which I thought tended to clip highlights . 
It has a better more solid build , the controls are more accessible , the viewfinder is bright and clear , it has professional grade features such as mirror lock up , and of course the image quality is noticeably better . 
A new version has been announced , developed in collaboration with a respected software house , it offers significant enhancements , including speed improvements . 
Although it looks like a D70 battery , it is a new type incorporating technology to accurately gauge the remaining charge . 
Compared to the D70 Anyone moving from the D70 to the D200 will be taken aback by the huge improvement in all areas . 
Not only is the resolution markedly higher , but everything is easier to use , and there are added features . 
Buttons are large and easier to press , the LCD monitor is the size of a football pitch , the diopter wheel does not move , the self timer mode does not need to be engaged for each shot ( aaarrrghhh ) , there is a mirror lock up mode , and the camera will meter with old AIS lenses . 
And of course the build quality is on a completely different level . 
But the D200 is far better . 
High ISO performance , though excellent , is not on a par with full frame cameras from Canon . 
Price : much more expensive than a D70 . 
But when compared to professional bodies such as the F5 , or the D2x , the D200 is compact , and light . 
Unlike the D70 , the self timer remains enabled until the selected mode is changed . 
I find the zoom surprisingly easy to use , much more so than the D70 version . 
In fact it is remarkably similar to manual cameras of old , and in my opinion that is a high complement . 
It is quite distinct from the MLU shooting mode . 
Viewfinder The view finder shows 95 % of the image at a magnification of 0.94 X. It is clear and bright , and considerably better than the rather pokey D70 viewfinder . 
I compared shots taken with the D200 to some taken on Provia 100F , and the D200 image . 
The D200 image had slightly more detail and lacked the coarse grain that marred the film image when viewed at high magnifications . 
I have no doubt that the D200 image was a substantial improvement on the film one . 
As expected , D200 images were noticeably sharper than D70 images , with higher resolution and noticeably less artifacting due to the greater pixel density . 
Another impressive feature for me was how long the battery life lasted , again comparing to my old and out of date camera , which only holds its charge for maybe 4-5 hours after a lot of deleting , this lasted the whole day I used it and was able to download my shots onto my computer , I would give 5/5 for this alone . 
You will need one essential item and that is a memory card , a 512mb cf card will cost about 25-40 but you maybe able to get them cheaper off ebay if you shop around . 
Focusing is very quick and from pressing the shutter there was no delay as is the case on my old Nikon Coolpix 995 which seems to go to sleep in between taking shots compared to this . 
If you shoot action , such as sports or birds or any fast moving objects , the D200 's speed can serve you well , bringing a higher success rate . 
Do n't let the higher mega pixel rate fool you . 
Prints from these cameras look just about the same . 
The D200 's higher resolution gives you more cropping ability , but the D70 or D50 are more than capable in this area as well . 
The Nikon D50 is better in this regard , as is the D2Hs . 
The viewfinder of the D200 may be the single most improved area at this price point . 
It 's both bright and sharp compared to less models . 
Picture quality is about on par with other DSLRs . 
While some folks will claim otherwise , ALL DSLRs take great pictures in experienced hands and you 'd be hard pressed to tell them apart . 
The higher resolution of the D200 may expose lower end optics . 
In the end , with a D200 sitting next to my trusty D70 , I ca n't say that the D200 takes better photos . 
What it does do is allow YOU to take better photos . 
If it had better ISO range it would be a 5 star camera . 
I do n't see 1000 dollars worth of advantage over a D70s . 
I feel that the Nikon D70s continues to be the best DSLR on the market for the money ... but if money does n't matter and you are an advanced shooter ... buy the D2Xs for 4.5 K and be done ! 
Instead of the chipset and autofocus motor that drives the D2X , Nikon has installed a slower motor and chip . 
This is better than the D70 , but it is not at all suitable for a camera in this price range . 
One hand it is speedy in organizing itself and is ready to shoot much faster than the D70 . 
Image quality is an improvement over the D70 . 
This is due to more megapixels and an even more intelligent matrix metering system . 
And the camera ' ergonomics are far superior to the D70 . 
The D70 ( s ) in comparison , is holding its value very well . 
Let 's go back a few years , and compare the D200 and the F100 in terms of value for the money . 
The F100 was a $ 1000.00 camera that basically embarrassed the top of the line F4 , and made it obsolete . 
It 's autofocus was every bit as good as the F4 , the light metering also . 
Stick with your D70 , it is much better value . 
You will probably find that the D70 will get you about as many images as the D200 . 
During my Museum visits with the D200 , the aircraft which I photographed had more detail and sense of realism than my D70s had , but amazingly the D70s was no slouch . 
The color balance to me looks better on the D200 , but again it is not night and day . 
Edge detail , the D200 is better again too . 
Both my D70s and D200 are able to use their pop up flash unit along with a SB800 or SB600 flash units up to 3 I believe . 
My D200 is the easiest going here vs. my D70s . 
Bad if someone else has a D70 or D70s and triggers my flash by mistake since all D70 and D70s use the same channel/group setup . 
I considered a Canon 5d of which I consider one of the best DSLR cameras you can buy for the bucks , but $ 3000.00 plus was not in the budget , but another camera that makes me feel good when I shoot . 
Another tidbit is that the D80 does n't have that slightly soft focus the D200 and previous models share . 
For better or worse , the D80 breaking ground there , and the noise from the D80 is less than a D200 . 
The D80 being the more sensible machine . 
Nikon is bringing to market still a less pricey camera , the D40 , and I think they will sell well . 
Squarely against the Canon XT , Nikon may do it again , but this camera is NOT an alternative to the D200 . 
First Impression - the camera handles extremely well and can be carried with one hand on the finger grip - just like other Nikon bodies such as the F5 . 
Controls are generally in the same positions but there are subtle improvements that show up on the D200 that are missing on earlier models . 
The review screen on the camera back is larger than most and has good lighting ( though not good enough for direct sunlight ) . 
I would say that I get more keepers with the D200 than I did with the F5 and this is a major improvement over just about all other digital cameras . 
That being said , the 60mm Micro-Nikkor is more useful and the 300mm becomes an excellent telephoto lens for , among other things , bird photography . 
I do n't recall if I mentioned this earlier but the menu buttons on the D200 are much larger than on the D1X . 
The four layer Histogram is a lot nicer than the single Histogram that the D70 and many other cameras have . 
It makes it easier to view images but I 'm so used to rotating the camera that I pretty much automatically do it anyway . 
With other digital cameras , downloading files was always quicker with a card reader . 
BOTTOM LINE : Does this camera take better pictures than my co-workers D70 ? 
But I think it 's increased durability and weather sealing makes me comfortable about going for the shot . 
Does it take technically better pictures than my $ 500 Sony V3 `` point and shoot '' ? 
But the ability to compose with a SLR versus a point and shoot makes it no contest . 
Add in the speed and its worth the extra money . 
So if you 're trying to justify spending the money on a D200 by saying you 're going to get better image quality - in a pure sense - no . 
But you will get better composed images and more importantly , you will get the images that you would normally miss with a `` point & shoot '' . 
If you have a D1X at twice the price , dump it and get this . 
I love the solid feel of this camera versus the D70 . 
It feels just like my F100 . 
The magnesium alloy frame does add weight so its heavier than the D70 but lighter than the D1X . 
I prefer using the D200 . 
The controls are easier to access on the D200 . 
Full Review I definitely think Nikon has a winner here . 
Changing the ISO or white balance is much faster on the D200 . 
The D200 is smaller and lighter than the D1X . 
Speaking of white balance , I find the auto white balance on my D200 to be far superior to the D1X . 
The viewfinder is one of the brightest that I 've seen yet . 
The battery life is not quite as good as Nikon advertises . 
At this one moment in time , I do think this is the best deal in digital SLRs . 
A friend thought the VI + mode looked even better but I thought it was a bit over . 
I also have the MB-D200 grip and have been very pleased with the better handling , extra battery , and vertical controls provided by it . 
As a professional tool , however , you can not beat the D200 at this price range . 
It will provide you with results that can be enlarged significantly and will easily compare to a D2x or Kodak Full Frame DSLR . 
Hands down the best digital SLR for the money . 
A D2x does a slightly better job with this , but the D200 is a fair step ahead of the D70 , etc. . 
Compared to the D70 ( also a very good camera ) it is in another world . 
It is one step ( 1/2 maybe ) below the best available and either you are serious about it and spend a few minutes to learn it , or you will end up hating it . 
By published specs , it is not a D2x , but it is very close in many areas . 
The 350D is relatively cheap , being less than $ 600 for the body at the time of this writing . 
A 50mm lens , on 35mm film , will produce images similar to what you see with the naked eye . 
had the d200 two weeks now , sold the D2X expecting this to be a fair substitute , unconvinced , the photos are soft and the buttons on the back of the D2X were a major plus , love the size of the menu , major improvement on the D70 I used to own . 
not getting close to the battery life of the D70 or the D2X , works much better with external flash indoors , overall am sure I will get to love it when the D2X fade from my memory 
This is without doubt the most pleasurable to use over all and if I could only keep one ( which I 'm well on my way to doing ) it would be the D200 ... ... and the F6 ( I know I only said one but the worlds best analogue SLR is in a league reserved only for it 's self ) . 
The battery life is not the 1800 pictures that Nikon boasts , but depending on your photo shoot , it is better than the 200 or so that many of the reviews have quoted . 
I really like the layout of the controls over other cameras I have tested . 
The Canon D20 is a good camera too , but falls short of the D200 . 
It shows 95 % of the image , a drawback from the F3 , but better than most DSLR 's . 
Nikon makes this easier by allowing you to program the function button so that you can press it and thumb the main command dial and or sub command dial and scroll through different focal lengths and apertures . 
Because of the difference in size between the sensor and 35mm film , you get a 1.5 x factor for all of your lens focal lengths . 
They are just faster and better made . 
So people will tell you that you no longer need fast lenses today because the cameras can deliver higher ISO numbers . 
You can press the shutter at any time , getting faster pictures . 
First you notice right away that although the D200 is about the same size as the D70 , it feels a lot better , because it is metal and a bit heavier . 
This camera has improved on a number of areas including the resolution and camera startup . 
I wished that Nikon had placed they on the back under the screen -- same position as on the Nikon D2H . 
Although most compact digital cameras come with great lenses they are no match for the interchangeable lenses of SLR . 
The Nikon match the D70 could comply with speed and its price was also good but than I would be sitting with the 3 canon lenses I already own . 
I am very glad I was to busy and did not had the time to go out and buy the camera because the digital rebel XT ( 350D ) was also complying with all my needs and had a price tag that was 500 to 600 dollars lower than the 20D . 
I experienced this is somewhat higher . 
Compared to my previous powershot S50 the battery life is much better . 
By the way you can use the same battery the S50 comes with . 
But there is an add-on for this which makes the grip somewhat better . 
A bigger camera is more comfortable in your hands than this one . 
I used to own the Canon EOS 10S and Elan at one point in time and these are much more comfortable to hold than the 350D . 
The viewfinder is smaller than most of the other canon SLR 's . 
But as big as the film SLR Rebel Ti . 
Downloading pictures to your PC is fast really very very fast compared to the powershot S50 . 
One nice thing also the camera makes use of the faster speed of the CF cards . 
The powershot S50 would not make use of the faster write speeds of the CF cards . 
It would handle all CF cards the same ( Canon confirmed this to me ) . 
It is better than the powershot S50 flash . 
It is a bit heavy but it is close in weight to other cameras of this type and quality . 
The viewfinder is larger and clearer than the D70 so taking shots are easier . 
The viewfinder gives a feeling very similar to the F100 , F80 and other similar Nikons . 
It feels like a quality camera and performs like one . 
The colors are far superior to the D70 and the images are very sharp . 
This camera has been the GOLDEN experience compared to Many Many Many other digital 's . 
Although I can confidently say I know more about photography than most , I 'm not a seasoned or contracted professional . 
Unlike what Canon and Nikon give you in their kit lens , you might actually keep the Sony 18-70mm f/4 .5 -5.6 for longer than a year . 
Check online for lenses and you 'll notice most KM lenses are under $ 300 , whereas prices vary greatly with Nikon/Canon averaging a little higher . 
Or should I say Konica-Minolta , since the Sony A100 is based off a slightly improved design of the KM5D ? 
But the Sony offers IS built-in , whereas with Canon and Nikon you 'd have to pay a high premium to get it ( though lens mounted IS systems are probably slightly better ) . 
Handling/Build : For one thing , the build is a strong plastic and handles much more confidently than the Rebel XT , which is highly regarded as the benchmark for low-end dSLR cameras . 
The Bottom Line This camera has most functions of its big brother for a much less ! 
-- The LCD screen could be larger , although keep in mind , you only use it for post shot reviewing or camera setup stuff . 
The foot print is larger than either the D70 or D80 , although , not by much . 
For the money , you cant beat it . 
The D200 does this at about one third the price of the D2X too . 
Probably my biggest gripe about this camera is , I have noticed my shots tend to be a bit softer than with my D70 or D80 . 
Realizing the two cameras share the same sensor , I wonder if this maybe be an inherent issues with this sensor . 
It did the job only slightly better than my D70 or even my D50 could do . 
The auto white balance setting is not as good as my D80 was . 
It is probably not as good as my D70 was , but then again it is a higher resolution sensor too . 
The battery life is no where near the rated amount stated by Nikon and no where near as good as either my D70 or D80 were . 
Nikon has improved over the D100 in so many ways . 
I will summarize that again the Nikon lens and SLR system puts the others to shame . 
at $ 1500 now for D200 , nothing really match up with this semi pro D-SLR . 
Compare to my Canon 5D , I would still say 5D has better image quality at high ISO . 
But I love D200 's handling and control layout much better . 
If you shotting RAW ( which I do ) , the difference on image quality between this two is very small and I will choice D200 over 5D for a better and quick handling and feels . 
Of course if take cost into account Canon 5D will still cost you over $ 1200 - $ 1500 more compare to $ 1500 street price of D200 . 
This is the best camera on the market right now . 
I have owned 6 digital cameras Kodak , Olympus , 2 Sony 's , a D70 and now this one ... Best camera I 've ever used and owned . 
IMHO this is the best camera made for the money for my professional work . 
Lens - Even though the specs are the same from the old lens to new , the New lens seems also to have better build quality . 
Especially the Focus ring ... MUCH more precise . 
The new Digital Rebel XT comes on in a instant compared to the old Rebel . 
Write speed and buffer - writes big files in an instant and does n't lag like the old Rebel . 
The digital REBEL XT is the best D-SLR for the money ! 
View finder - much brighter view finder . 
Makes it easier to focus manually and get more precise pictures and focus . 
Weight and Size - Much lighter than the old rebel , but also much smaller . 
*** PICTURE QUALITY **** - The 6 megapixel vs. 8 does n't make a big difference in the sharpness . 
But this new XT compared to the old rebel has MUCH better picture quality . 
Less noise and more accurate color . 
Its is VERY close to the EOS 20D ... VERY close ... My only gripe as said before is the size of the body . 
I am getting the battery grip which should negate this problem , but the old rebel was definatly more comfortable to grip . 
The new Rebel XT has so many improvements over the old . 
It is the BEST D-SLR ON THE MARKET UNDER $ 1500 . 
Full Review To start off , I was very hesitant to replace my Canon Digital Rebel because I thought it was a great camera and the picture quality and build quality was excellent.So many times when a manufacturer replaces a model , the specs may be better on paper , but the build quality suffers and is made much cheaper . 
Your pictures will be better than some shmoe with an EOS 20D with a stock lens . 
This lens ( if u get a good copy ) , makes the camera all the better . 
Very close to Canon L series image quality . 
Build quality of the body - not quite the EOS 20D , but very close . 
The old Rebel was nice , and for the same price , I was n't expecting a big improvement , but there was a big jump in build quality . 
In addition , I think the design and layout of the controls on the Nikon DSLRs are so much more intuitive than Canons . 
The controls on the Nikon just felt better . 
The D2x performed as well if not better than the 5D . 
and even thought the 5D has more MP ( 12mp ) of what use are they if you have to chop the edges , not to mention the body is almost twice the price . 
However I have noticed that the photos taken with the D70 seemed sharper . 
The D200 also feels more solid compared to the D70 . 
secondly , giving this camera a lower rating than a Canon 20D ?! How is that possible ?! On to the camera : this is what a lot of Nikon users have been waiting ( much too long ) for : a digital Nikon F100 . 
The D200 to a certain extent put the other Ds ( 50 , 70 , 100 ) to shame . 
Still very fast compared to a Point-and-shoot camera . 
The file-size gets even bigger if you shoot in RAW format instead of JPEG format . 
Memory Card : When choosing a memory card , you want to get the largest one available to you . 
A 1 gigabyte ( gigabyte is about 1000 megabytes ) is the smallest you would want . 
Those 260 pictures will go bye fast when you can shoot as fast as this camera can . 
So a 1GB , 2GB , or a 3GB ( GB stands for Gigabyte ) are probably your best options . 
Full Review I just purchased this camera , and so far , it is the best camera I have seen ! 
Body quality should be comparable to F100 . 
The new AF-S DX VR Zoom-Nikkor 18-200mm f/3 .5 -5.6 G IF-ED lens can take shots 4 stops slower , which is the best in class now . 
I expected the D200 to be at least as good if not better . 
So far , after about 300 test shots , the D70 takes a better picture , costs so much less and I sure do miss that camera . 
This is the first camera that I was able to get clear , focused pictures of concerts with high stage lighting , it 's a wonderful little camera and it 's video feature is one of the best I 've seen for this price . 
The K100D will not out perform cameras way above its price range , but it will keep up to speed and out perform many in its price range . 
Compared to the K100D , they out perform the Pentax in many aspects ( the 30D is way out of its class ) . 
On paper , both Canons have a much bigger buffer for continuous shooting , faster AF , better white balance adjustments , lower ISO noise and sharper images . 
But I would n't trade my K100D for the Rebel , the Pentax won me over with ergonomics and personality . 
Out of all the cameras I have tried , the K100D felt the most comfortable and film SLR like to me . 
Its settings also give me a wide range for color saturation , this versatility makes this camera suitable for both JPEG users and RAW editors . 
But the reason why I prefer the Pentax over other brands is its ergonomics , because it feels more comfortable in my hands and the button placement feels more intuitive , I am able to take better photos with more confidence than with other cameras . 
Despite the fact that other brands have better specs and performance than the Pentax , my pictures come out better because I feel more comfortable with it . 
If you could afford some quality lenses like the L series or prime lenses , than the quality would be even greater . 
Price : In my opinion , this camera is the best buy compared to others in its range , best bang for the buck . 
This camera can be compared to the 20D as well , not as equal to but in terms of picture quality they are very close . 
I did n't want to commit to a point and shoot camera even though the newer ones have lense attachments and new features similar to DSLR 's . 
I looked at a few cameras around the same price range which were the Rebel 300D ( standard ) Rebel 350D ( xt ) Nikon 50D and 70D . 
This camera improves on the IST DL in almost every way . 
This camera is easy to hold for long periods of time especially compared to the Canon Rebel XT model ( which caused my hand to cramp up within 5 minutes of holding it ) . 
The lens allows complete manual focus ( if you 're so inclined ) with two adjustable rings on the lens barrel -- one gross and one fine -- very similar to what you 'll find on an SLR camera . 
But I actually prefer the manual flash and I think the red-eye reduction is probably no worse than in most of its competitors so neither are deal-breakers for me . 
This is a big difference between the SLR-like cameras and the real things and , I believe , that 's one area where the cost is gon na come into play for the better camera -- and make no mistake , the SLR cameras are a step-up in quality versus cameras that are n't . 
They all suffer in the higher ISO ranges just like the Panasonic . 
The latter may not be the best in that category . 
But in the end I finally paired it down to the Canon PS IS3 and the Panasonic fz50 and chose the fz50 as best camera for me . 
As far as the software , I can only compare it to the Canon software that came with the XTI ( the SLR I first purchased and subsequently returned ) . 
Canon 's software is better , especially the panoramic stitch program . 
This was supposed to be the step up from the fantastic FZ30 , but it is not , in fact the extra 2MP are wasted because of the terrible sledge hammer Noise reduction by the Venus III engine . 
Noise is less , but the pictures are soft , less detail and water colored looking at ISO above 200 . 
The FZ30 may have had a little more noise but it also had a much sharper image quality and more detail . 
Still it is the best superzoom being made today , since the FZ30 is no longer made . 
I am a professional photographer , and I a retired Electonics specialists , I can tell you now , that Panasonic has the best electronics of any brand camera , they may not be able to do a lot of high ISO low light above ISO 400 but most people do not shoot at those settings , and what noise you do get , can be corrected easily with Adobe CS2 , or Noise ninja , and others , I will take the noise , that I can handle but soft pics like Fuji , or Canon superzoom 's which also have purple fringing , those I will not accept . 
The FZ50 is the best superzoom on the market today bar none . 
The so called `` noise '' of Panasonics is simply blown out of proportion , they are no more noiser than any other camera with this size sensor . 
All I know is that Panasonic 's keep winning awards , picture awards beating out Canon 's , Nikon 's , Olympus and Fuji 's . 
Panasonic have the most unpleasant customer service and post sales support . 
While their products are extremely impressive , but , try comparing Sony and Panasonic - the main difference is the customer service and support . 
Panasonics are more often better products . 
Which according to the CNET standards make this camera : 8.0 to 8.9 ( Excellent ) : A product that receives a rating in this range is superior in so many ways that its relatively few drawbacks are not very important . 
Personally , I love the superb feel , great ( again , on paper ) feature set and optics of the Lumix FZ-50 more than any other camera I have owned , but I also get FAR more throwaway images from it with it than any other , as well . 
For a supreme touch of $ 550.00 irony , consider the following : We also own an ancient Nikon Coolpix 2100 ( an entry-level 2 megapixel point-and-shoot ) that consistently produces higher quality images than the Lumix FZ-50 in virtually ALL modes under almost ALL conditions . 
Some prospective purchasers may wish to consider the Fuji Finepix 6000/6500FD ( with its superior Super CCD sensor and face detection ) as an alternative , as this writer is doing as of the date ( May 2007 ) of this review . 
On paper , the Panasonic Lumix FZ-50 is without question the best-of-breed camera in its class , bar none . 
the colors are most natural looking . 
The Bottom Line This is the best digital SLR available under $ 1.000 with lens.Another Canon home run . 
I 've used mine for about 3 months and still hit the exposure lock button all the time trying to get a good solid grip on that side.The compact size and lighter weight make it easier to haul around and less conspicuous with a smallish lens attached but you need to practice a lot holding it steady , especially with a longer , heavier lens attached . 
Durability-wise with an all plastic body there will be no comparison to the more expensive Canon digital SLRs both in terms of fragility and water resistance . 
I 'm not certain why Canon decided to go with a smaller size body on this one , perhaps the target market is domestic ( Japanese ) or women , but if you have larger fingers or hands you may not like it.I thought the original Rebels ' size was fine , but in any case I use the vertical battery grip much of the time anyway so it works for me . 
It has 98 % of the 20D 's capabilities at about $ 500 less with kit lens ( 18-55 3.5-5 .6 non-USM ) . 
One of the great things about these cameras is if you are switching over from film to digital all Canon EOS EF lenses are compatible with the Rebel XT . 
The new Rebel now shares the same sensor technology with the 20D and has on-camera flash compensation among other features , including a larger memory buffer and JPEG+RAW capture . 
The only types of cameras out on the market that can compete with this little devil are DSLR 's that start at $ 1000 UP . 
Sure ... the Canons and the Nikons do bear better image quality results , and we can not omit Sony 's new alpha DSLR ( their flagship DSLR priced at $ 699 for just the body ) , but for under $ 500 the fz-50 delivers exceptional results . 
I have n't used the macro yet , but the dealer said it has the best in the market . 
Unfortunately , all of these digital cameras have a finite life span or this could be a classic . 
This is the first digital that I have owned that I really think matches up with my film SLRs ' over the past years . 
Canon has several newer models out , now , but , honestly , there 's very little you ca n't do with 8MB , even if you have to crop to 1/4 of the picture size , and the only other thing you 're going to get going `` up '' is faster shooting speed -- if 4 frames/second is n't fast enough ! 
Thus far , this is the best overall camera I 've ever owned ! 
The body is thicker than Minolta bodies , but it 's very comfortable to hold , and it 's extremely light , even with lens attached . 
I really could not find the difference ! 
A solid all rounder that is capable of knocking popular DSLR 's off the rack if your shoot in bright day light conditions . 
The optical image stabilizations perform the best ever ! 
Noise levels have been improved and so has the flash ( Fuji range cameras are the only ones other than DSLR 's that can beat many ultra zoom camera 's in low noise levels ) you can print big pictures as well if you are shooting in day light conditions . 
( I did it for my earlier camera 's as well ) Only DSLR 's steam ahead of the ultra zoom camera 's here ! 
They claim it makes it look more modern , but in my hand it feels and looks basically the same . 
Still just as thin as the earlier S500 and S600 models and significantly thinner than MOST other popular cameras on the market today ( which is the main attraction to this line of cameras in the retail stores I am sure ) . 
The Sony T50 comes the closest in thickness , but again the Casio 's take the first place at about HALF AN INCH ! 
LCD screen has been increased in three ways : 1 ) screen size is now 2.8 '' , up almost 30 % from the earlier models , and 2 ) screen brightness is now noticeably brighter to allow for a wider range of shooting conditions and finally 3 ) Screen is now a wide-screen format allowing wide-screen movies and a wider range of picture formats . 
Again up from the S600 by over a meg ( and over 2 meg bigger than the S500 ) . 
I am fully convinced that the image quality is now EQUAL to anything that SONY or NIKON can dish out . 
( I actually compared S770 pictures I took to the new SONY T50 samples and could NOT tell any difference in image quality ) . 
BEST SHOT from Casio on the Exlim series is a CLEAR WINNER ! 
Focus and ZOOM is now a bit faster . 
THEY SIMPLY MAKE SENSE EVEN IF YOU DO N'T READ THE MANUAL !!! They did move the wide/tele buttons to the back surface on this V770 ( versus the 500/600 ) but still easy to get to . 
For this price you can get a camera from another brand more reliable . 
For an entry level slr this is the best you can choose . 
- I did a lot of research on the d-70s and the xt and I decided to go with canon since I have had experience with Canon over the past few years . 
So I believe Casio have done the right thing by omitting this setting and offering a finer 50 ISO setting to maintain the camera 's obvious high standards in all areas . 
Beyond that the new version also offers a lower ISO setting of 100 and a slightly faster frame rate of 3 FPS compared tro 2.5 FPS . 
The camera is very easy to use and the quality of the pictures ca n't be beat . 
A replacement for the last year 's 7 .1 - Megapixel Canon PowerShot A620 , the Canon PowerShot A640 has upgraded 10-Megapixel resolution , larger LCD screen and other improvements . 
The LCD was a huge improvement for me . 
This camera uses 4 batteries instead of 2 ( as my old one did ) and it makes a huge difference . 
The digital zoom is n't as horrible as some people have made it out to be . 
Speed between shots is wonderful , especially compared to the A520 . 
It 's a HUGE improvement for me , and something I am so excited and relieved to finally have - great lack of lag ! 
Low light photos without the flash come out much cleaner than expected but are not going to have the high contrast and clean edges . 
Maybe the flimsiest thing on the camera . 
Full Review The Canon PowerShot A640 10 mega pixel digital camera may be the best choice in its class . 
It 's a bit bulkier than some of the other small cameras I looked at . 
There is of course the usual red eye reduction for the flash and macro functions we have come to expect in a good camera but this camera has so much more for the novice to expert photographer alike . 
Since the SD700 shares the same sensor as the S3 ( and also the SD600 and SD630 ) , ISO 400 displays some noise in shadow and dark areas and ISO 800 is often too noisy to use without some post processing . 
There is a marked difference when the IS is on versus the IS being turned off . 
The SD card is more common and has larger storage capacities available as well as speedier . 
Like the rest of the SD series cameras , there is no RAW format option . 
Note same sensor as the S3 , same resolution option ... I would guess that the SD630 and SD600 have the same options . 
Without the image stabilization , the SD700 seems to be as good as the competition in taking photos . 
Surprisingly to me , this camera was approximately the same size and slightly heavier than my Canon Powershot S410 ( which is an older 4.0 MP camera with 3x optical zoom using CompactFlash cards ) . 
Add the curved edges to the design similar to the SD500/550 model to complete the high end look . 
This lens utilizes Canon 's Ultra High Refractive Index Aspherical technology ( UA ) which allows for the longer zoom ratios in a compact body . 
Laundry List of SD700 Features The SD700 does an above average job when in Auto mode and has limited manual controls . 
If you desire more extensive manual controls in an ultracompact , there are other ultracompacts that have more extensive manual controls . 
I thought there was less chromatic aberration in my S410 photos but there is a loss of some fine detail on the S410 shots ( remember the S410 is a 4MP camera compared to the 6MP SD700 ! ) . 
ISO 400 had increased noise but were still suitable for enlargements . 
Unlike the S3 , you actually have an optical viewfinder which makes things easier for night photos . 
Here there was a bit of purple fringing/chromatic aberration noted especially with brightly lit windows against the dark face of buildings ( like similar photos on my S3 ) . 
Pictures in this setting had occassional blurring on the auto setting and maximum telephoto range but better than my S410 shots under similar conditions . 
I would even say that the SD700 had less blurring taking such photos compared to my S70 ( 7.1 MP camera utilizing the DIGIC 1 processor ) . 
Overall , low light and dark conditions were above average for a ultracompact digital camera . 
Movie Mode The SD700 has an overall flexible movie capture mode that is similar to the S3 without the stereo sound . 
Although robust , the SD700 will not replace a camcorder anytime soon . 
From reading the specs and seeing that it 's only a tiny bit larger , I figured I 'd never notice , but I do . 
It just does n't feel as much like a `` cool little camera '' in the palm of my hand as the SD400 did . 
They are slightly closer together though than prior models . 
This is probably because they needed more room for the larger screen . 
I also found the slide switch to select playback , movie , or photo mode on previous models a little easier than the mode dial on this model , but I 've gotten used to it . 
Other advantages of this camera were the larger LCD , the 4X optical zoom and the high ISO setting . 
It will do a wider-angle shot , but does n't go quite a long as this one ( it 's a 28mm to 105mm , compared to the 35 to 104mm of the 700IS ) . 
Do keep in mind though , that IS on a camera like this is not nearly as effective as they type you get on a real video camera , such as Super Steady Shot on a Sony camcorder . 
Sure , the AVI files are larger , but with large capacity memory cards this is no big deal . 
There is another difference between movie clips taken on this camera and those from a real camcorder - the sound . 
It 's not as bad as the sound on several Kodak digital cameras I tried . 
However , it is worth noting that you really can notice that it 's slightly larger and heavier than the boxier SD400 ( and other like it ) . 
Conclusion I 'm as pleased with this choice as I 've been with my other Canon compact and ultra-compact digital cameras . 
As far as the pictures I 've taken to date , I can say the following : The daytime pictures are as perfect as they can be . 
For the price of the Rebel XT , you will not find a better SLR camera . 
Compared to NIKON D70 you are getting a much better deal as far as color processing . 
The Ixus 800IS is currently the top of the line for the Ixus family , with the other two Ixus models being promoted by Canon being the Ixus60 and Ixus65 . 
The resolution is better than previous models and it looks nice . 
However , it appears to scratch easily ( the LCD is recessed 1mm or 2 ) and appears to be similar in LCD build to my coolpix 5900 . 
The Bottom Line A pocket camera that rivals SLR 's . 
Canon is known for their get cameras but the SD700IS is a mile ahead . 
I had a couple cameras in the past with image stabilization , but they were not close to the SD700IS . 
After trying out other cameras ( including digital SLRs ) at retail stores , it became clear that while this is not the perfect camera , it is the best overall camera for photo quality , size , and sturdy construction . 
What I like : 10x zoom is way more than the apparent standard 3x I see on most other digitals these days . 
I 've taken a few pictures with the feature on and off , and ca n't seem to see a real difference , but those were under good conditions , so I 've yet to come to a solid conclusion as to whether this is more gimmick than function . 
I did n't see a difference . 
What a difference ! 
I love this camera , it is my best ever buy ! 
Two years ago I had a Canon S1-IS , which I liked a lot , and I 'm amazed that this camera has very similar features ( 10x stabilized zoom , high quality zoom-able movie mode ) in a MUCH smaller package and at a LOWER price . 
The 10x zoom lens The zoom range is equivalent to 35-350mm on a standard 35mm film camera . 
Hence , like most compact cameras , it ca n't go as wide as the 28mm SLR standard . 
Compared to my old Canon S1-IS , sharpness and purple fringing levels are similar . 
Some compression artifacts are visible , but they are not as bad as many other digicams . 
For example , the Canon S80 is worse , and some Sony digicams I 've tried are also worse . 
However , files are larger than average , consuming 75 MB per minute . 
If you want these features , your only choices are to buy this camera , or its successor the TZ3 , which has an even better 28-280 zoom . 
Resolution is 207,000 pixels , a noticeable improvement over many cameras with ~ 100k pixels . 
For the record , I tried `` Food '' mode , and could n't see any difference from the default . 
Other scene modes , like `` Party '' , `` Baby1 '' and `` Baby2 '' are just as opaque . 
However , I almost returned this camera in the first week because the photos just did n't seem as attractive as those from other cameras I 've used ( by Canon , Sony , Ricoh , Minolta , and Kodak ) . 
It would have been very nice if the camera had an option to turn the noise reduction off , as 3rd party noise reduction programs ( NoiseWare or NeatImage ) are vastly superior to Panasonic 's in-camera noise-reduction . 
I get 200-300 photos per charge , less than my other digicam ( the Ricoh Caplio R3 ) but still good enough for a typical day 's use . 
Then I set the color effect to `` warm '' and realized that the Panasonic 's default white balance is slightly cooler ( bluer ) than other brands . 
The `` warm '' color setting produces results I like much better , and looks closer to what other camera brands like Canon produce by default . 
I read many reviews and looked at many sample pictures for other cameras , and the Leica lenses on Panasonic cameras really make a difference . 
But they are more expensive , and not nearly as compact . 
The one I chose was the Panasonic DMC-TZ1S . 
Love that bright LCD monitor which can be brightened 40 % more to be more easily seen in bright sunlight . 
The 10x optical zoom got me a lot closer pictures than the people around me with their 3x zooms . 
I get much more value out of the DMC-TZ1 just because I have it with me all the time . 
Nothing has ever been as buggy as this . 
I was very spoiled by the wealth of features on the Canon S2 IS , but then again the Panasonic is much less money . 
Leica is on par with the best in the world for optics . 
Color and hue are not as good as my old Olympus , but that can likely be corrected with some tweaking of the camera settings , and images can always be changed in software on your PC later . 
All things considered , I think this is one of the best compact digital cameras on the market , especially for travel . 
It was the most compact 10X optical zoom camera available as of April 2006 , when I bought it . 
At $ 199 , Panasonic Lumix DMC-TZ1 is one of the cheapest 10x optical zoom digital cameras . 
No other Point and Shoot camera offers a 10X optical zoom with a Leica lens , the best Image Stablization in the business that gives super sharp images and low noise levels up to ISO 1600 . 
No other Point and Shoot camera can come close to this cameras quality and functionality along with it capabilities . 
This might not be the best camera if you shoot at ISO1600 or higher and your budget is under $ 999 . 
this is one of the newest and latest cameras to hit the market . 
this camera has more options than any other camera . 
This was one of the only compact mega-zoom cameras ( The Nikon S4 was another ) , and it was n't too expensive like the Kodak V610 , so i got it . 
The best feature , in my opinion , is the Image Stabilizer , because it makes taking pictures much easier for people with shaky hands . 
If you play around with the different scene modes the camera has you can get slower shutter speeds or a little varienty in apertures . 
10x zoom is great , smallest camera with that much zoom . 
best camera i have ever owned.perfect for all people and occasions . 
And it did not dissapoint me : It is the best marriage between a picture and video camera . 
I find the camera takes the best pictures without its flash . 
I tried both the SD 900 and the SD 600 . 
I found both to be satisfactory but I was looking for something that would have the greatest combined optical and digital zoom . 
Overall , the image quality turned out to be excellent and superior to what I have seen from the compact digital cameras . 
Unlike most compact digital cameras that have a sensor with 3x4 aspect ration and as a result cause the sides of the image to be cut of when printing the 6x4-inch and other popular formats , the D50 has 3x2 aspect ratio , perfect for 6x4 and good for other formats . 
This way , it works the same as with a film SLR camera ( e.g. my Nikon N55 ) , where you can always see the remaining number of frames . 
The 1504x1000 resolution will let you make very usable 6x4 prints , but I personally think that looking close , there is a visible difference between 1504x1000 and higher-resolution modes even at 6x4 . 
The camera is very similar to my film Nikon N55 SLR in terms of control placement . 
But it is heavier and has more buttons and a 2-inch LCD screen on the rear panel . 
Differences with a Compact Digital Camera If you are have used a compact digital camera ( also known as point-and-shoot ) before , you will notice several key differences . 
If you have leftover lenses from Nikon SLR cameras or just want to get a lens that is better or cheaper than the one supplied in a kit , you can get a Nikon D50 body only . 
The less apparent difference is performance . 
This means that you can have a faster shutter speed than the one you would have to use on a compact digicam resulting in less blurry pictures , especially in poor light conditions or when shooting fast moving objects . 
Also , the D50 has much better dynamic range capturing detail in both shadows and highlights better than the compact digicams . 
Usage The camera is not as easy to use as the vast majority of compact digital cameras , but I figured out how to use all of its features I needed in no time . 
If you are using the G-type lenses with no aperture ring , the camera lets you adjust the aperture value of the lens by rotating the thumb wheel - the sam e system used on the film Nikon N55 camera . 
Performance The camera is very fast , comparing to the compact digital cameras . 
This is a stark contrast with most compact digital camera , where the ISO 400 is barely usable at 5x7 . 
Optics that are second to none . 
Although very similar to D70 series models , this is a much simpler camera to use . 
It 's more focused to point and shooters , with all the great features of the D70 's . 
After researching between the Nikon D50 , D70S , and Canon Rebel XT cameras I decided on the D50 because of its size , weight , and features . 
It 's a little lighter and smaller than the D70 and I do n't miss the few features the D70s has that this camera does n't . 
This camera is a little heavier than the Canon Rebel XT but I like it because it helps keep the camera stable . 
Since Canon reduced the XTs price to promote the XTi , the Rebel XT and the Nikon D50 were priced the same . 
I chose Canon Rebel XT since it had higher resolution and more features . 
I handled several DSLRs for comparison at Ritz Camera and Circuit City and found the Rebel XT fit my hands but did n't weigh me down . 
As good or better than D70 , better pictures than a comparble Canon . 
The D50 is also smaller and lighter than the D70 . 
All in all , this camera is by far the best I ever owned , and I am looking forward to years of happy shooting . 
Having used my father in law 's D70 before , I can say that this camera easily measures up to the D70 for much less money . 
It 's one of my best purchases ever . 
Once you get past the complicated look of the camera , it is just as easy to use as a point-and-click digital camera . 
This was by far and away my most expensive camera purchase ever , Video or Still . 
The buttons around the preview screen are flat and nice contrary to the D-80 where they are small and round . 
Too bad Nikon compromised their manufacturing quality ( as well as slower flash shutter speeds ) in the subsequent D-80 model . 
Some of the features seemed to be very interesting but the in-hand feel is totally off the charts compared to this one . 
Contrary to the D-80 , the D-50 has a great ` quality ' feel to it . 
Not as small as the rebel , but more comfortable in my big hand , and MUCH MUCH longer battery life . 
Best color shots I 've ever taken with a Canon . 
The movies I saw from this camera were , although impressive , not as impressive as other in its class . 
Third , it 's not as light as I would have imagined . 
This does mean , however , that the physical size of the camera is larger ( not necessarily thicker or wider , just a little taller ) . 
The only way you can see what you 're taking is through the massive screen , and being massive , probably uses up lots more battery than usual . 
They are , however , roughly the same weight and are made of stainless steel with bits of plastic here and there . 
It does feel much more solid to hold than the Sony digital cameras . 
Video taking has also improved , where I was able to take the baby lions at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas with remarkable clarity , despite through the glass with glare ; something digital cameras usually are not famous for . 
I like the fact that the camera battery is common with the older iXUS 40 , so we can interchange batteries , and charge them using the same chargers . 
All USB and charging cables , and expandable memory media is all the same ; so virtually it is just the camera that has changed . 
450 is a pretty high asking price for digital cameras nowadays , with comparable Sony cameras at cheaper prices , as well as Pentax , Olympus and Ricoh . 
But I do believe that Canon lenses are superior as well as quality and build finish . 
Both iXUS 40 and 65 are Made in Japan . 
Virtually the only noticeable difference between the old and new model is the much larger view screen on the iXUS 65 . 
Even though there is a significant price difference , just because of the larger screen , I seem to think it is well worth it . 
Having been used to the older iXUS 40 , upgrading to a much larger screen felt unusual at first , but once using it after a while , I was shocked when I picked up the 40 again and almost squinted at the writing on the screen . 
Full Review The Canon PowerShot SD630 is basically the exact same camera as the PowerShot SD600 , minus an optical viewfinder and plus a half-inch diagonally of LCD real-estate . 
Shots with the flash will be slower than those without . 
I have found the videos that I 've taken with the SD630 to be very high quality , especially compared with results from its competitors in the compact digi-cam world . 
Better quality Nikkor optics with kit overall ... I mean the ED 18-70 AF-S lens . 
Firmware upgrades exactly as D70s , yet big deal 2 '' LCD , instead of 1.8 ! 
Easier to use than most high-end SLRs or P/S Olympus or Kodaks or HP or Sony 's etc. . . 
The 300D and XT are still cheaply made , whatever you say . 
It 's still a great SLR ... 20D is much better , but expensive magnesium alloy body and usb2 .0 port . 
One final positive before I move on to the negatives - the movie quality is better than I expected for such a small camera , though the downside is that the files are relatively large . 
The finish on the body is much less durable than I would like . 
The Canon screen is huge 3.0 inches which is much larger than even a 2.5 in screen . 
The old camera was small , but this new one is even smaller . 
Smaller is better . 
The Canon can go up to 800 and the images are much less grainy at this ISO than the Nikon . 
The Bottom Line I 'm getting the best pics in my many years of taking many thousands of pics . 
But the digital display is one of the biggest out there and fun to review/show to others . 
download the pics from the iPod - easier and faster than from the camera chip . 
Of course the 35mm probably made the best printed pics , but the quality is n't worth the hassle now days . 
That said , it 's basically a more expensive version of the PowerShot SD600 with a larger screen and no optical viewfinder . 
It is a thinner camera , which is great to through in your purse , pocket , or to just carry it on your wrist . 
The pro black G7 is svelte and sleek ( smaller and lighter than previous `` G '' models ) and it bears only a slight family resemblance to its predecessor . 
I do miss the G6 's large handgrip since it added an extra level of stability and slightly better balance than the G7 . 
Images shot at ISO 80 looked best , with extremely low noise levels - ISO 100 images are essentially identical to the G7 's ISO 80 images , neither of us could detect any visible difference . 
Noise at ISO 400 is lower than average - images are noticeably noisy , but still usable . 
ISO 800 images are very noisy , but a bit better than expected - it is important to note here that my expectations were n't very high . 
Shutter Lag/Timing The G7 is noticeably faster ( 1.5 seconds ) at start-up than its predecessor , easily the fastest `` G '' to date . 
AF lag is essentially non-existent in good lighting and shorter than average in lower light . 
Write to card and shot to shot times ( 1.6 seconds ) are about the same as the G6 , conspicuously faster than average . 
A Few Concerns Six hundred bucks is a pretty stiff tariff , more expensive than the excellent Pentax K100D dSLR I tested last summer . 
Image quality is reliably excellent - very close to what you 'd expect to get from an entry-level digital SLR . 
Finally , the G6 's battery ( 300 exposures ) was more powerful than the G7 's battery ( 220 exposures ) . 
Where and when it really counts , the G7 is a winner . 
The G7 's new f/2 .8 -4.8 / 7.4mm-44 .4 mm ( 35mm equivalent 35mm-210mm ) 6X zoom is a full stop slower than the G6 's , but it offers users a fifty per cent increase in reach and optical image stabilization . 
The G7 's 6X zoom also does a better job of combating chromatic aberration ( CA ) . 
There is some very minor purple fringing visible ( only evident on close inspection ) in high contrast color transition areas , but overall the G7 's zoom is noticeably superior to its predecessor and significantly better than average in the CA department . 
OIS allows photographers to shoot at shutter speeds up to three stops slower than would have been possible without OIS . 
G7 users can consistently shoot sharper images at shutter speeds up to two ( and occasionally three ) stops slower than would be possible using a camera without IS . 
Canon says the change is because the G7 's 10 megapixel sensor is the same size as the 7 megapixel sensor in the G6 . 
The Canon Powershot G7 is smaller , leaner , faster , more powerful , and cheaper than its predecessor . 
Power/Battery Life The G7 draws its juice from the Canon NB-2LH 7.4 v 720mAh Lithium-ion battery , the same unit that powers Canon 's Digital Rebel XTi/EOS 400D . 
The ability to save and re-call two Custom WB settings makes it easier for users to move back and forth between scenes with fundamentally different lighting ( for example indoors and outdoors ) . 
The G7 , unlike all of its competition ( and the G6 ) features a dedicated sensitivity dial - direct ISO access is a very useful and genuinely welcome addition . 
Compared to a cheaper compact camera with half the amount of pixels there was nothing outstanding about the Canon EOS 350D in 6x4 print size . 
Yet it offers more functionality and better ergonomics than a typical compact camera , while keeping it in a smaller package and with more consumer oriented features than a SLR . 
( The difference to the appears to be more of marketing reasons than technical ones since in practical terms both are identical . ) 
The 6x zoom lens is not the longest in the market , but optical quality is very good despite the slightly `` slower '' characteristics . 
On the negative side , the G7 feels more limiting due to the eliminated RAW recording ( cost ? ) 
The small sensor ( compared to SLRs ) shows its limits in chromatic aberration and overall noise and loss of sharpness under less ideal conditions . 
Main reason for the mixed feelings is the invasion of the low cost SLR which provide better performance at a similar price but of course in a bigger package . 
Yet on the other end , even more compact cameras than the G7 offer similar quality while loosing out in controls . 
POWERSHOT G7 vs. SD900 The technical specs of the G7 read a lot like a with a bigger zoom and added image stabilization . 
Yet , visually they 're actually quite different -- a tribute to the difference in target audience . 
The black housing of the Powershot G7 provides more room for ergonomics ( handle ) and controls as well as a hot shoe for an external flash . 
Yet it manages to stay well below SLR dimensions in size and weight , mostly due to the smaller sensor , battery and the integrated lens . 
The core of both cameras is virtually identical , with the same 10 MPx ( 0.556 '' ) sensor and same digic III processor as well as the same 2.5 '' ( 207,000 px ) LCD display and optical viewfinder . 
Both cameras snap pictures in roughly 2 seconds ( neither has a burst mode ) and overall functionality regarding automated modes is very similar too . 
In fact , the price for the G7 is only $ 100 more than the , and with the purchase of a Pixma printer Canon offers a $ 100 rebate for the G7 . 
Starting with the lens , the G7 goes slightly wider with 7.4 mm ( vs. 7.7 mm ) and significantly longer with 44.4 mm ( vs. 23.1 mm ) . 
The speed of f/2 .8 -4.8 is similar to the , but not as impressive as the predecessor ( S3 IS ) . 
The hot shoe in the G7 is useful for a more powerful flash and a better position to reduce red eye . 
Depending on your flash design , bounce flash may be the most advanced additional feature the hot shoe opens for the user ( with an additional $ 200 - $ 500 expense ) Overall picture quality is not surprising to be very similar to the , with virtually identical noise ( okay at ISO 800 , bad at ISO 1600 ) and good quality in bright light . 
Situation dependent differences stem from the IS which is only existent in the G7 as well as the longer focal length ( wider zoom ) as well as the ability to control shooting parameters more closely ( in case the program does n't succeed ) . 
The G7 is clearly more versatile than the , but at the cost of portability ( pockets need to be larger ) and overall slightly more complicated use ( if manual is desired ) . 
Yet , in at least one example the G7 is even easier to use since it sports a direct ISO dial to quickly set the speed without having to hassle through menus . 
With edges a little sharper than the S3 IS , handling is affected by the slightly smaller grip . 
Compared to an , the G7 is much easier to hold and operate with one hand . 
Yet , ergonomics suffered compared to the S3 due to the small grip and the trigger button location . 
( Retro is n't always better . ) 
The G7 weighs a significant 140 g less than the S3 . 
The smaller grip and lower weight are a direct result of the smaller battery . 
Good as it may seem , it also means that battery performance could have been better ( with the previous larger battery which is almost 2x the capacity ) . 
Equipped with Image Stabilization , the 6x zoom lens does n't go as wide as the , but significantly longer than both SD800 and . 
The S3 lens showed slightly better performance with f2.0-f3 .0 , though the zoom only reached to a film equivalent of 35mm - 140mm and really does n't compare apples to apples . 
SLRs show similar limitations and external flash is simply going to provide better light . 
The white balance for flash exposure is tuned towards a slightly warmer tone which makes for more pleasing portraits , but needs to be considered when shooting neutral objects . 
Display : [ **** - ] - The 2.5 '' screen is used in many cameras and identical to the or . 
Hence , performance is very similar in normal daylight ( good ) , indoors ( excellent ) and direct sunlight ( poor ) . 
At least for the latter case , the S3 's LCD status display is much easier to read ! 
Not only does it sport a more classic body and the now mandatory 10 MPx sensor , the DIGIC III processor is not missing either . 
Unlike the S3 IS , the G7 's display can not swivel out to accommodate odd posture -- or provide cover when retracted . 
Functions : [ **** - ] - Geared towards more control in a point-n-shoot format , the G7 obviously provides greater control and the buttons in return improved access . 
Naturally , that improves setting speed greatly and allows to focus more on the picture . 
With this being the same sensor that ultimately feeds the same processor as in the , differences are as expected : none . 
Smaller sensors and the associated wider angle sign responsible for the visibly worse aberration compared to an SLR . 
Further , the needed interpolation is one of the causes why a Bayer sensor feels `` softer '' than a Foveon -- a rare breed . 
Quality : [ **** - ] - Given that technical parameters are the same , the only visual difference between the G7 and the is in the lens properties . 
Since this is nothing other than a simulated picture out of a much lower resolution , the digital zoom might as well be avoided and left to Photoshop ( or PhotoPaint etc. ) Given there is enough light , the picture quality is actually quite good and even better with a tripod at the longest zoom setting ( despite IS ) . 
The G7 also offers to turn the display off and use the freed-up computing power for a much better shutter lag of roughly 0.05 seconds . 
( Highly recommended for action shots , though less convenient . ) 
In addition , its lens retract inside the body , making the front flat and therefore the whole camera becomes as compact as a small rectangular prism . 
However , in perfect light condition G7 's pictures are just slightly better than competitors . 
Both offer more or less the same image quality on a bright sunny day . 
In other special modes such as portrait , macro and especially zooming , G7 really excels , the pictures look better . 
With my naked eyes I do n't see any difference . 
However my concern is quickly faded : the pictures captured at low shuttle speed were much sharper with no side effects . 
ISO dial : unlike most cameras where you have to access the menu to change the ISO , G7 has a physical dial on which ISO numbers are clearly marked . 
Its 6X zoom is a big improvement over the previous G6 ( 4X ) . 
( Note : I got all the prices from ebay 's buy-now prices which are more or less the same with the prices from online stores ) . 
I do n't think the benefit of a bigger LCD display can compensate for the loss of swiveling capability . 
- Body : G7 is about 30 % smaller than previous G-series cameras . 
Overall I think G7 's battery is average or even slightly below average ( probably the big LCD eats up lots of juice ) . 
- Flash : I expect G7 has less problem on red-eye because the body has more room to place the flash away from the lens . 
I 'm wrong : red-eye problem on G7 seem to be slightly worse than average . 
The camera has a horseshoe to accommodate an external flash , which there are quite a few to choose from , although most are expensive ( some are even bigger than the camera itself such as model 580EX , $ 350 , which can cover up to 30 feet ) . 
- Memory : All previous G-series cameras from Canon use Compactflash memory , which I do n't like because it costs more and I do n't see it on sales as often . 
( 1G memory of SD was on sales for $ 20 , and CompactFlash for $ 30 , same brand , same speed , at Fry 's ) . 
It 's less bulky , less heavy and at the same time feels very sturdy . 
In this mode the exposure and white balance are locked , so the images are even , yielding a better result when being stitched together . 
I also like the black color , it makes the camera look more stylish , more ` pro ' . 
While it 's difficult to check if this technology really works I remarked that pictures taken with several people are better , all faces seem to be well focused . 
If you are on a limited budget consider also the Nikon Coolpix L5 ( 7.1 M , 5X zoom ) or the Kodak EasyShare Z710 ( 7.1 M , 10X zoom ) , both cost half the price of the G7 ( $ 250 at Best Buy ) , or the Canon Powershot A640 ( 10M , 4X zoom , $ 299 at Best Buy ) . 
In summary this camera is not as good as I expected from a ` flagship ' model . 
Being much smaller then the G5 & 6 it will find itself in your pocket where your larger Cameras will be at home on the shelf . 
Battery is Li-Ion 7.4 V NB-2-LH even being smaller it provides plenty of power for many pictures.This Camera uses the smaller Digital ( SD ) Card to store your pictures.The new Canon Camera is a real joy to use . 
But the G7 has a fixed LCD insted of the flippable ones . 
I know the display will be bigger , but I prefer an smaller but flippable display . 
Manual controls This is always great in the G series , I only hope that the manual focus may be easier to use . 
However , it is much lighter than any dSLR . 
The G7 will , obviously , provide a better interface . 
The `` wheel '' for navigation looks a lot like high-end canon controls , so I expect that this camera will be much easier to use and to take advantage of its features . 
The G7 is better , but still lags too much for my taste . 
Firstly it is smaller than I imagined it was going to be . 
Much smaller than the G3 which I have had for years . 
It takes far better photos than my previous 4MP point and shoot , and I 'm learning to use the manual features ( which is preparing me for the day I step up to a dSLR ) . 
I 've always loved Canon 's image quality , and this camera is no different . 
As always , Canon has the highest picture quality that everyone love , and best of all , DIGIC III is very responsive and very few noise . 
Every year , the camera has gotten a little more cheaper looking ; more plastic , less metal . 
It 's surprisingly thin , and reasonably thin , so despite the larger height , the total volume is still quite low . 
The S45 I had previously was actually thicker , but shorter , so it felt more compact . 
I wanted all the versatility with the old S45 , but with a larger screen and higher resolution . 
It uses the same battery and flash as my XT thus did n't need to buy extras . 
The E-TTL metering works pefectly , even better than my 350D . 
Canon , what were you thinking ?? ) I use it only to take pictures ( no video ) , and IMO , the G7 is the closest you get to an DSLR among the compact PS cameras . 
To obtain the same resolution , large number of very good automatic programs , face detect , 6X optical telephoto capacity and incredible ease of operation combined with override capabilities , I would have had to spend several times as much . 
That case is about 5X larger than the camera , and is essentially useless . 
My 10 year old Fuji film camera , which was a piece of crap , was much better than that . 
The controls need to be done much better . 
This one is of course more feature rich , but it is very difficult to use effectively . 
Im an amator and this camera is very ok for me , be4 I bought G7 I had Sony DSC H1 and I think this camera with its options is much better than Sony ( which was very good aswell ) Overall I give 9/10 for all options and not many ' - ' and I remember its not dSLR yet . 
Having researched the WEB thoroughly for detailed evaluations of SLR 's in the price range , settling upon the lauded Rebel XT , I kept asking , what is the deal with these images that are less sharp than my Olympus 4000 ? 
The digital slr has n't yet come of age in my opinion , when comparing to a trusty Nikon F3 or FM2 film or slide image . 
The start-up and write speeds are greatly improved and it has the iso selector easily accessible . 
It 's a good middle solution between a digital SLR and a regular compact camera . 
It 's not as bulky as a SLR and it has a few more functions and nicer image quality you would expect from a small compact camera . 
I also found I needed more zoom than the 3x that the S500 had . 
The G7 was the ONLY camera that combined all the things I wanted into one camera - better zoom , optical viewfinder with dioptic adjustment ( so I do n't need my stupid glasses just to take a picture ! ) 
, a larger LCD so I can actually read the menu items without my glasses , and finally - it fits in my purse . 
I 'm as happy with this as I am with my 30D . 
Canon could have made it much larger , but instead must have listen to other pro 's and created a smaller version of larger digital camera 's . 
One that will make it easier to carry around everywhere with out having to carry a heavy camera bag . 
All good camera 's . 
Unfortunately , some accessories , like filter hood , made for G3 do not match G7 . 
Having had several Canon digital cameras over the last 2-3 years , I was very disapointed to see Canon 's G7 as a near zero improvement over the other Powershot series . 
Battery life for the G7 was superior despite the battery size and the extra battery I purchased never had to be used . 
There is nothing I 've touched yet that comes close to Canon 's 30D DSLR . 
For the few extra dollars , this still remains my choice of all DSLR 's including Nikon 's D80 or even Canon 's upscale MARK line . 
In fact still the best in my opinion but not the G7 . 
My pictures in normal daylight were no better than a general low-end point and shoot film camera . 
Looking better than many but never near that of a DSLR despite its hefty price tag . 
It has more features than I need , but maybe some rainy day I 'll read the instruction manual and get beyond the simply great pictures . 
Without it , I would prefer e.g. the Sony R1 or a DSLR . 
If anything like the prior g cameras , it will have the best pic quality . 
Faster processor , more features , more pixels . 
The feel of the camera body is a little heavier , by ounces , than the 35 mm Rebel Ti which I also own . 
The controls are easy to maneuver through although the LCD could be better in the bright of day . 
Also , the LCD does NOT allow you to preview the shot ( unlike the G2 which allows you to compose the shot ) - you only see the shot AFTER the shot is taken . 
It is one of the easiest camers to use . 
The battery lasts much longer than I expect . 
I noted the pluses on Nikon especially the `` better ergonomics '' and better lens as many had stated . 
However , the Canon 's feel was fine and its comparative lightness a deciding asset . 
I can back this up because my daughters Fuji Finepix images look so much better when I put them on my pc . 
I purchased my kit with the 17-85 lens so theres no excuse for this.This is supposed to be a lot better than the kit lens.After using this camera extensively for a year i 've given a lot of consideration to going back to my film camera . 
I had owned a Kodak Easy Share digital , but wanted something that would do more and we found it with the Canon Rebel . 
UPDATE :02 -02 -07 Having used this camera for a while ... It 's STILL well worth it!A Benefit I was NOT aware of when I first wrote this - The resale value of Canon is higher than many other brands.Someone sold a lens for $ 1,350.00 that is exactly the same as one I bought factory refurbished for $ 1,400.00 . 
There is cheaper - but is it worth tossing away the RESALE value?I have been in this since August 2006 and am seriously looking towards upgrading already!I already have someone that wants my camera without my advertising it!When you get this - look at the `` L '' lenses you can enjoy !!!! LCD could be a bit larger . 
I have seen pictures from other cameras , let me tell you most of them are bad colors are off either too blue or too pink , but this one gives me more of natural colors . 
I did shop and compare but felt the Canon dependable name and the exchangeable lens that I already had were the the deciding factors . 
Unlike the cheap digital cameras , you always get the smile you see . 
I get better results off my much older Sony Cybershot DSP-70 . 
Nikon , Sony , and Pentax are nowhere near where Canon is in this technology . 
The Rebel always pulls out more detail and you can acually print big pictures even at 1600ISO . 
L-Glass is a huge difference . 
Stolen features from Canon 30D : It has the same 9-point autofocus system as the 30D and can take almost the same amount of continuous burst JPEG shots ... coming in at 27 next to 30D 's 30 . 
It 's got some weight to it , but not as heavy as the film slr cameras I 'm used to . 
The only thing I think canon did wrong on this camera is using the DigitII not the DigitIII software , but I guess if they had , the EOS 400 would have been in direct competition with their $ 3000 camera 's . 
I have used the Nikon D80 and this one , Canon Rebel Xti ... I compared photos taken with both cameras , same model ... quality on the canon was pretty bad compared to the Nikon D80 , same sun light , same scenario . 
Camera seems too small , feels like a little toy that can break any minute , the body is n't the best comapred to the Nikon D80 . 
Ultimately all of the better cameras can produce excellent results and should be evaluated for your individual preferences . 
I found the following : D8 * was a little pricier and I struggled with menus/controls . 
Even AF much improved from DS still not as fast as Nikon D70S . 
Overall it 's a GREAT camera and a big step forward from istDS/K100 series cameras . 
I like that K10 has more controls on the body that before was bared in menus . 
With dust and weather sealing , shake reduction , and 22-bit A/Ds this camera breaks all records in quality construction and image quality . 
However , I get more blurred shots with the K10D than I ever did with my Panasonic FZ20 or FZ30 . 
I can only guess the kit lens in the XT package is similar to slightly better than the original kit lens with the first Digital Rebel . 
Image Quality and Camera Options and Flexibility The XT captures some of the best images I 've ever seen in any digital camera ... and this is with average lenses . 
The shots are highly detailed with rich color which is a bit brighter than the original Digital Rebel but not as vibrant as more consumer orientated point-and-shoot digital cameras ( although you can adjust this ! ) . 
To date , I have n't used a cameras that has preserved small details as well as the XT at an affordable price . 
The 7 point auto-focus system is very quick especially when compared to the original Digital Rebel ... although it is not as fast as the EOS-20D . 
The fine setting on the XT is extremely well done ... I do n't notice any differences from the fine large JPEG image setting versus the RAW setting on the camera . 
I purchased on my American Express Costco Business Card to have a chance to pricematch against any print ads with a lower price . 
Interface and Menus The menus can be a bit annoying for the experienced since it is not quite as easy to get to specific settings as in Canon 's higher end cameras ... like the EOS-20D . 
However , it is arranged rather well for amateurs and newcomers to dSLRs and feels a closer to a point-and-shoot . 
The only other minor problem with the interface is that the status LCD gives less information than I would like ... many of the settings have to made through menu settings through the color LCD . 
It is much faster to transfer photos to your computer this way . 
Canon has improved on the original Digital Rebel in almost every way in the XT . 
The XT boasts 8 MP images , larger buffer memory , faster response time , smaller size , lighter weight yet firmer more solid build , more flexibility in shooting capabilities , and on and on ! 
While I enjoy the smaller size and weight of the XT ... I think that the handgrip feels too small and narrow compared to the original Digital Rebel . 
The original Digital Rebel costs at least $ 200 less than the XT . 
The Nikon D70 falls close to the same price range after rebates and is another excellent dSLR that seems to be even more flexible in some respects than the XT . 
Nikon should be releasing their new D50 and D70s dSLRs soon ( no specs are known but judging from the D70 , these two should be extremely competitive with the Digital Rebel XT ) . 
Another blow is the ability to find the Canon EOS-20D for as low as $ 1200 ... a higher end , more flexibility , and sturdier camera than the XT . 
The XT is a major upgrade from the Digital Rebel in just about every aspect , but it is not a large downgrade from the EOS-20D . 
Not only are the Camera Bodies much more expensive but you must purchase lenses and other accessories to obtain the best possible photos . 
By the way , the smaller size of the image sensor ( CMOS sensor in the Digital Rebel XT ) from the traditional 35mm film frame in regular SLRs changes the focal length of the lens you 're using . 
The Canon Digital Rebel XT looks much smaller the first Digital Rebel although the reality is that the Canon only shaved a bit off all the dimension and the weight . 
The body feels more solid with the textured plastic body instead of the cheap feeling plastic body of the original Digital Rebel . 
The original Digital Rebel had a handgrip that I was far more comfortable with . 
I think the handgrip issue will depend on the individual ... but at least the reduction in weight made it a bit easier to bear the small handgrip . 
Otherwise , the camera feels more substantial and solid than the original Digital Rebel . 
Even the mode dial feels exponentially more sturdy than the one on Digital Rebel ... heck , even the power switch feels solid on the XT ! 
The color LCD is a bit on the dim side when compared to my other Canon point-and-shoot digital cameras . 
The optical viewfinder is better than what you 'll find in most point-and-shoot digital cameras . 
I heard about Canon 's impending release of the new significantly more powerful Digital Rebel XT . 
Note that the AF is clearly much improved over the first Digital Rebel ! 
Otherwise , there have been wholesale improvements to the XT over the first Digital Rebel . 
The XT is quick ... less than a second to start up , faster image processing , faster writing to the CF cards , faster autofocusing , and more . 
The XT uses the DiG!C II processor which accounts for the XT 's newfound speed and imaging processing as well as the greatly improved power consumption . 
The is a much larger image buffer that allows the XT to shoot continuously at 3fps up to 14 JPEG images or 5 RAW images . 
An improved and more informative status LCD panel is found on the XT with a redesigned ( and I feel better ) control/button layout . 
The XT uses a smaller , lighter , and less powerful battery from the S60/S70 but gives you the same uptime as the Digital Rebel due the improved power consumption from the DiG!C II processor . 
The XT can utilize the same lenses as the Digital Rebel and the EOS-20D ... which means any EF or EF-S type lens will work with the Digital Rebel XT . 
forthe money the rebel xt ca n't be beat . 
4 ) Canon digital cameras are years ahead of Nikon . 
Compared with the menu on a Canon point and shoot , the menu system on the XT is quite different . 
This camera is not sealed like in more expensive canon models . 
Canon is actually using an older type of battery system for the XT , and probably the same older type of charger for it . 
While i have no major issues with the battery ( except for it 's rated shooting capacity of ~ 600 shots while using the LCD ) , some people who are thinking of upgrading from the original rebel to the rebel xt should beware of the XT using a different battery type . 
I do n't have a Mark II , or 20D to compare with , but the Rebel XT compares more with the 20D being that it uses the same 2nd generation ( and possibly even newer ) sensor . 
if you do a search on the web , you see there are no basic difference in image quality between a 20D and a rebel XT . 
While I wish for an SLR that makes absolutely no noise , or quieter shutter noise like the Nikon D70 or D70s , i do n't mind the high tech `` click-eeeeep '' noise that the Rebel XT emits as it `` advances the frame '' after each picture . 
20mm lenses become 32mm lenses , etc. one thing to keep in mind is that the 1.6 x is not a multiplier ; the rebel xt is like every other 35mm film camera , just with a smaller sensor . 
The Canon Rebel XT vs. the Canon 20D . 
the Rebel XT has most of the features of the 20D , has the same sensor . 
What the 20D has over the XT is a more robust metal body , slightly larger viewfinder , faster shooting frame rate ( useful only if you are shooting tons of sports events , race cars , etc. ) , and a large dial in the back that helps you do menu options a whole lot easier . 
My first impressions are that the camera is fast , takes great pictures and is just right for someone who wants more performance and flexibility than a point and shoot . 
The camera is smaller than I thought it would be . 
This may sound contradictory but as small as it is ; it is still much larger and more obtrusive than a typical point and shoot . 
It does seem to perform a little faster in burst mode and for some reason you can get in 6 RAW shots versus 5 RAW shots in burst mode with the Sandisk card before the camera says it is busy . 
My brother in law likes to use the battery grip , but then that makes the whole setup bigger and heavier . 
There is a lot to learn about this camera and it is less forgiving than a point and shoot , but is n't that the point . 
You get an SLR for more control and performance in exchange for a higher price and a harder to use camera . 
This is not a camera I would recommend for complete beginners since the menus and controls can be intimidating and of course experts would prefer the increased performance and more streamlined controls/menus of the 30D or the Mark II . 
I use the `` P '' mode the most since it allows for greater control than the Portrait mode . 
The camera itself is also a lot less bulky with the prime on there compared to the 17-40mm F4L . 
The Bottom Line Any camera that 's better than the Rebel XT in meaningful ways probably costs twice as much , so the Rebel XT is the entry-level digital SLR to beat . 
I 've extensively used Nikon 's D1 and D2H professional DSLRs , and was delighted to encounter a camera half the size , half the weight and half the price of the D2H , with twice the resolution and lower noise at high ISO speeds . 
When I received my package and I started unpacking I was amazed at how much smaller and lighter the new Rebel is . 
The biggest initial disappointment was that the quality of the casing seemed a lot flimsier than my older Rebel . 
It was maybe due to the size difference as well , but the plastic felt a little thinner . 
Undeniably the camera is a lot lighter and easier to carry with a smaller lens ( the 17-85 adds quite a bit of bulk . 
To my amazement , the quality was almost identical , with even , pleasant gradations and effortless exposures ( the old rebel needed stop adjustments to produce anything decent at close and far distances ) . 
The old Rebel , a fantastic camera by any standard , was basically a dialed down version of Canon 's more professional cameras . 
This camera is a winner and it 's all the camera you 'll need if you are an intermediate to advanced amateur . 
Its small size can actually be an asset for candid photography , as the camera ( with a 50mm lens , not my monstrous 17-85mm or worse the Tamron Macro ) looks much less intimidating than the old one . 
Since my old 300D was no longer available and the new 350D is even less expensive it was a no brainer for me to purchase another one . 
For a minute or two I wondered if I should upgrade to a 20D , the more professional version , but the reviews I read convinced me to stick with the Rebel . 
The quality is as good if not better than getting professional pictures done ! 
I have used it for quite a while now , and I can not find a better camera in this price range . 
I can not believe it scores lower than the XT , certainly not even close in my opinion . 
The compact size of the camera makes it a uniquely good hiking/backpacking camera and is so small and light , I often take with me on jobs when I 'm using the much larger and heavier pro level Canons . 
The Canon sensor gives it excellent performance at low light levels that Nikons ca n't match . 
I prefer the XTi to the 20D by a wide margin as well . 
The only camera I would prefer over this one is a Canon professional product , the 5D . 
The photos in Standard mode are print sharper out of the camera . 
Unlike most other Panasonic cameras , the LZ7 ( just as the LZ-series predecessors ) does not bear the Leica name on its lens . 
The camera has a relatively new feature called Intelligent ISO Control , which detects moving subjects and increases the ISO allowing the camera to use faster shutter speeds . 
Both have the same 7-MP resolution . 
Both have an optical viewfinder , unlike this Panasonic . 
But both feature slower flash recycle , are slightly larger and , more importantly , are about $ 60 more expensive . 
I recommend all of the three , so choose wisely based on your preferences for brand , price and features . 
But it is not as compact as the cameras of Canon Digital Elph line ( e.g. SD700 IS , SD600 , etc. ) or Panasonic 's own FX line . 
Featuring the same powerful 6x optical stabilized zoom , 2.5-inch LCD screen and powered by 2 AA-size batteries , the LZ7 is a good successor to the previous cameras of the LZ series . 
There is no comparison though as Canon Elph cameras have much lower-powered optical zoom and use proprietary batteries that do not last as long . 
Unlike many other manufacturers , Panasonic cameras use mechanical on/off switch . 
I like Panasonic menus more than Canon or Sony menus , let alone Fuji menus . 
But this makes it much better visible when viewed at an angle . 
Features The most important and semi-unique feature of the LZ7 are two modes of optical image stabilization ( Mode 1 stabilizes the image when you pre-focus , Mode 2 does so only when the shutter is released , giving you better battery life and sharper pictures ) . 
The camera came pre-set to Mode 1 , which I changed to Mode 2 ( to increase battery life and get sharper photos ) . 
This Sony has , unlike most digital cameras , accurate colors if you set the colors to natural . 
I dislike the Memory Stick duo formats because they tend to be one of the most expensive formats and the hardest to find in high speed options . 
Next problem is that when in low light situation , you do n't see anything on the screen ( unlike on comparable Olympus digi-cameras that illuminate the scene on your screen for as long as you keep the shutter button pressed half way ) . 
However , the second turned out to be a little better but still not what we paid for . 
I downloaded a more detailed manual from the sony sight and spend hours ( again ) playing with it to get decent pictures . 
I do n't know what I will get now but from what I have read Canon seems to ALWAYS get rated in the top , particularly the powershot digital elph series . 
The new increased ISO options , as well as the SuperSteadyshot of this camera were excellent additions to the line and photos taken on the T10 have richer colors and cleaner pictures than the DSC-T1 . 
Sure the P 's were slow to shutter , slow to recharge on flash , and a brick to handle ... but they sure took sweet indoor shots and even at 4 MP 's , had much sharper images , even in a 4X6 ! 
In my opinion , the Canon provided much better image quality . 
But they are almost the same ! 
This is not a camera defect however a physically larger camera with more separation between the lens and the flash can be less susceptible to this phenomenon ; although such a camera is far less pocketable . 
In addition , you have to use Memory Stick for storage ( Pro Duo for video ) , which costs more than other formats like SD . 
Sony should have designed the shutter release button slightly larger so as to make it work with the slightest touch . 
Also ... the picture taking shutter speed could n't be slower . 
the T-30 is it so different of the T-10 ? 
battery life could be better . 
It 's actually a lot heavier than I thought it would be , lots of stuff crammed in there . 
I have used several of these settings and they all seem to work well . 
This is one of Canon 's newest entries in the PowerShot series . 
So far , this seems to be a great little camera and certainly surpasses earlier PowerShot cameras such as the A75 and is loaded with features and settings that are commonly found on much more expensive cameras . 
This little camera takes high quality photos that are comparable to an SLR that belongs to my grandson . 
The optic zoom is must better than I expected and the resolution of the photos , even at full zoom , id very good . 
If you a very good , inexpensive came for general use , you ca n't beat this one . 
Everything about the camera is pretty much the same as the A520 , but the resolution on printed pictures is better and I find the shutter time to be better . 
I would recommend the Canon line , especially this A550 over any other brand in this price range . 
I compare the performance to A70 with A550 and see that A70 was far better in many ways ( only exception is the 7.1 pixel rate compare to 3.2 of A70 ) . 
Performance in low light / night is poor compared to some of the other models in the same range . 
I do not see any advantage in this camera other than the higher pixel rate and pixel rate along can not do any magic . 
While the LCD is a little smaller than other models at 2.0 '' , it is very clear . 
However , the A550 has many more features than my old P92 . 
Right out of the box and taking a few snaps without reading any directions , the picture quality is much , much better than my old Sony P92 . 
The build feels to be of similar quality , heavy and solid feeling . 
The A550 was to replace a Nikon Coolpix3200 which has a smaller , but higher-resolution , LCD . 
The bigger A550 LCD has such poor resolution I ca n't tell if I should keep the picture or take another . 
With these options , you have more options then just the factory AUTO mode . 
Another improvement is the Digital Zoom circuitry , where for example , taking pictures above the 4x Optical Zoom is still clear and not pixelated even up to the 16x Zoom Max . 
FYI : My old larger Olympus C-4000 3x Digital Zoom was mostly fuzzy pixelated rendering it completely useless . 
I would have thought Canon would put a much better LCD on this camera . 
From having researched the A550 , it seemed to be a natural follow-on to the A75 , having similar features with increased capability in the ISO and Pixel categories . 
This is the best digital camera I 've ever owned because of its many features , such as the postcard making feature , which allows the photographer to make postcard like pictures before they are developed . 
Unlike many of the digital cameras I 've owned in the past , this one is ready to shoot seconds after hitting the power button . 
The longer lens is better and better-built , I think , than the 14-45mm , but they 'll both do the job and do it well . 
There just is n't a better deal out there . 
Well , sure enough I managed to get some fringing , but about 90 percent less than I expected . 
This camera ( like other good DSLRs ) allows you to fire off blasts of sequential shots ; just focus , press the shutter button and hold . 
( Neither lens had any firmware upgrades ; good . ) 
Hope it 's of some use if you 're in the market for a super camera at half the price of its competitors . 
It was the best deal out there , as far as I could find , and still may be . 
They also have the Sony A-100 ( not a bad camera for amateurs , but nowhere near as good as the Oly kit , I would say ) . 
The Nikon D80 with a ho-hum ( said the experts ) 18-135mm lens was around $ 1,300 ; the similar Canon EOS 30D with just an 18-55mm lens was about the same price , and the Canon Digital Rebel 18-55 was around $ 800 , but it feels cheesy and , for my hand , it 's too small . 
And Nikon just yesterday introduced the D40 , which is a slimmed-down D80 with more buttons for dummies , an 18-55mm lens but just 6.2 megapixels , for around $ 600 . 
( A lot of reviewers note as one of their `` Cons '' that the camera takes 2.5 seconds to start up because of the dust-shaker versus maybe half a second for other big-name DSLRs . 
Next , the Oly had as many ( if not more ) features than the comparable cameras . 
This was/is the best deal out there on a DSLR . 
This , too , is a general drawback of DSLR cameras ; you ca n't just run into a store and buy some cheapo AA batteries if you run out of power . 
I like the menu system ; it 's pretty intuitive , much like the early Oly digital cameras I used , and , if you take some time , you can set all kinds of things to your own taste . 
However all Oly DSLRs and the new Sony Alpha have dust protection built in . 
One area that is weak on the kit lenses is that neither is particularly fast . 
However neither are the competitors kit lenses and the Oly gives you 2 lenses and the body for about 50 % of the price you would pay for a comparable Canon or Nikon . 
The Oly is the lightest DSLR available so taking it with you is not a chore . 
The bottom line is that this camera is easy to operate but has more features than the average photographer will ever use . 
But if you do want greater flexibility , higher quality images , and more control of the camera then I highly recommend this kit . 
the photos are far superior to what you will get with a point and shoot . 
XD 's are more expensive , but I will get one at some point . 
I have been told that the camera writes faster to an XD , but I ca n't imagine it being much faster than what it does now . 
The picture quality is the same as it is on my laptop . 
At higher ISO 's ( at or above 800 ISO ) the photos are a bit more pixely when enlarged , but that happens on real film . 
Also , the body is a bit bulkier than some similar featured DSLR 's ( ie . 
All in all , this camera is the best choice for the money . 
This camera , with its two digital lenses , is the best camera I 've ever owned . 
It 's as easy to use as you want it to be and , with every feature able to be set manually as well , as professional as you could desire . 
It matches , in photo quality , any 35mm SLR I 've had . 
With 20-20 hindsight , I am glad I chose the less expensive Evolt-500 . 
For this purpose , the Evolt seems a better choice than the Canon/Nikon competition simply because it offers more pre-programmed scene modes . 
I 've also been comparing the finished results obtainable using PaintShop Pro-10 and the bundled Olympus software . 
Olympus Master is n't as fully featured but it produces outstanding results . 
It also went on to say that it is more capable than all other DSLRs right now , which I believe . 
I truly believe that this camera is very much more capable than the othe DSLRs . 
The 14-15mm is not the fastest short zoom lens around , but it 's still a pretty solid performer , and more lenses are becoming available for the 4:3 format all the time . 
I OWN THE CANON REBEL , REBEL XT , AND BOTH ARE GREAT CAMERAS , BUT THE EVOLT-500 SEEMS TO `` FEEL MORE LIKE A GROWN UP CAMERA , A PRO TYPE . 
LCD SCREEN IS BEST I 'VE SEEN WHEN SHOOTING OUTSIDE . 
The e500 and Canon were neck-and-neck in terms of performance , image quality and features . 
In image quality tests some of the shots looked better from the Canon and others looked better from the Olympus . 
Having no other advantage to go on , I decided to go with the e500 over the Digital Rebel mainly because of the additional zoom lens in the kit . 
RAW images give me so much more control over how the final image looks . 
This e500 tops every other camera I 've owned in terms of performance , features , image quality and battery life . 
It certainly measures up to the Canon DR XT , and tops the Nikon d40/d50 If you 're in the market for a DSLR , you should give this camera a serious look . 
Consideri = ing I paid less for this two lens package than I did for the Canon G1 when it was new this was a deal . 
This is the BEST camera you can buy for the money ! 
Great prices bundle with two lens14-45 Better than competitors 40-150 Excellent ! 
High ISO images are not as good as some other cameras . 
Olympus is playing catch up with Canon and Nikon . 
I believe this is a great or the best Prosumer SLR camera , I am not a pro but I would definitively reccomend this camera , I own it since a year ago and no regrets , Olympus makes one of the best cameras on the market , the only problem I see now is that the new E-510 has been released and I really would love to have that one just because of the live view feature and the image stabilization and the truepic turbo III technology . 
For the price , there 's nothing close ; the Nikon D80 and Canon 30D ( which are the comparable models ) , will cost you more than twice as much . 
The E-500 has less unoccupied real-estate . 
 An SLR camera is much more complex than most point and shoot cameras . 
 Some reviews say the Evolt E-500 is not as good as Cannon at ISO 1600 and above . 
The Evolt E-500 picture sensor array is slightly larger than the Cannon . 
A larger metal oxide semiconductor will probably take more light for exposure so the Cannon is probably better at high ISO settings . 
This is different than the FL-36 external flash which uses a separate laser light source to establish focus . 
The on camera flash is great but it is no match for the versatility of the FL-36 external flash in making great shots . 
 I purchased XD cards before I found out some Compact Flash cards are much faster . 
( the camera is made in China ) The camera menu items are not as logical as they could be . 
The e500 is as close to a point and shoot as you will find , and if you need it you can dig into the many functions and do what you have to to get the shot you need . 
It has wonderful price-performance ; it 's just that neither is that high . 
The bad thing , I 'd found with the earlier Olympus cameras , is that AA-type battery life on the Olympus sucked compared to lithium ion batteries on the Canon and Panasonic . 
It 's not really slow , but it 's noticeably slower than the Canon or Panasonic that I use . 
All ultra zoom cameras seem to be quirky that way , though I 've had the least problems with the Panasonic FZ50 . 
I will probably look for another Sony for good picture quality , and live with a smaller optical zoom . 
The menu system is very easy to use , fewer buttons than the S1 and the large LCD is very clear . 
Much better than Olympus FE series . 
Having a 28mm on THIS camera opens up a ` wider world ' , providing you with more options . 
If you choose the basic card , which sports an 'M ' , then you 'll loose out on Full Video mode , and the card is much slower . 
It 's well worth the extra $ 20 or so . 
The SP-550 is the first camera I can honestly say outperforms my old C-2100UZ . 
Advanced features like manual shutter release and RAW push it close to DSLR capabilities and the 7.1 MP zoom mean that the digital zoom is more than useful at the extremis of application . 
I 've owned several Olympus cameras and this one really stands out in every way . 
Among 10 shot sp-550 , SCN sport mode , all of the 10 shot shown accurate focus and no color aberration at all , better than Pent-300mm GS . 
When enlarged pencil carbon core , 550 is better in sharpeness and color , but other portion , in color uniformity of flat surface , Pentax 300 is much better than sp-550 . 
SP-550 shows much noisier than Pentax ist-D with 4 times enlarged . 
however other cameras will fall short in other departments when compared to the 550 . 
Having a manual-zoom is great - fewer buttons to push and much more control . 
As compared to a SLR ( digital or not ) , the electronic viewfinder takes some getting used-to . 
The S9100 has one of If Not The Highest Actual Optical / Sensor Resolution of ANY Sub-DSLR Camera available ... It shoots Incredible HIGH RESOLUTION LOW LIGHT / Wide Dynamic Range Photos ... Period ! 
I got considerably better photos than I would have expected if the c/net review was the only review on the net . 
This camera gives incredibly sharp , vivid pictures close to that of the Sony Alpha . 
Very fast , fast easy focus , superior quality images . 
I bought a DSLR for myself for Christmas thinking it would be a terrific upgrade to my `` old reliable '' Fuji S5200 . 
I 've been a film photographer for years and in keeping up with the times have purchased 5 digital cams since they were 1st introduced , and by far the 3 best I ever owned were all Fujis ! 
The s9100 lacks IS ( so what , real photographers do n't need it ) but in handling , speed , useful features and Image quality the s9100 is clearly superior . 
Compare the grain and resolution of the Fuji S9100 to comparable cameras by Canon , Nikon , Panasonic , etc. , and you will probably find that the Fuji gives you sharper pictures in daily use at iso 200 or 400 than they do at iso 100 . 
The fixed extended lens barrel is a big plus over the retractable ones because it is much sturdier . 
You should n't have to carry around the instruction manual ( unlike a Nikon DSLR I used ) , and with the Fuji S9100 , you do n't . 
This Fuji camera delivers the same excellent color control . 
Short of a pro or semi-pro DSLR , it is hard to imagine a better lens than on this Fuji . 
Professional photographers have long known that Fuji makes some of the best lenses in the world , including for wideangle 120 film cameras , 4x5 sheet film cameras , and enlargers . 
Unlike the Sony H9 and the Olympus 550UZ the Fuji has been very impressive . 
The quality of the images is better than any previous camera I ever owned and I owned quite a few different makes before . 
What sets the S9100 apart from it 's competition is the fact that it 's in a different league than they are . 
If you want something more competent than the dozens of pocket-able point-and-shoot digitals , but do n't want to bust your bank for a digital SLR , this camera is truly worth considering . 
I make no claims to be a great photographer , but I know the basics , and wanted to upgrade to something a bit more special than my old 3.1 MP Canon Powershot A70 . 
Pictures in the garden in sunlight were again nowhere near as sharp and detailed as the Canon ( I have no particular affection for Canon - it 's just all I have to compare with ) . 
How can a four year old 3.1 MP camera take ( much ) better pictures than a new 9MP bells whistles machine with so much hype around it ? 
I 'm perfectly willing to accept my own incompetence as the reason in the manual mode , and perhaps some in A S modes , but in auto and P modes the pictures from this camera were consistently poorer than those from the Canon . 
I would have expected much better from a camera of this range . 
For indoor pictures the Fuji got much better results , no question about it . 
However , outdoor a lot of pictures were better with the Kodak believe it or not . 
It also fits well in a jeans pocket as it 's only a little larger than an average cell phone . 
Friends have told me Cannon 's are much more user friendly for us Apple fans 7 . 
Flash is slow , and needs more time than most to recharge . 
Too bad Olympus did n't have more options . 
I bought this camera after having a Casio Exilim EX-P600 because I wanted something smaller , and liked that it had image stabilization and was weather resistant ( important for camping , etc ) . 
However , in comparison with my previous Casio Exilim , I have been extremely disappointed with the picture quality - except for outside in bright , indirect light , a good 2/3 of the pictures are blurry and/or incredibly grainy . 
Do n't like XD memory card standard , prefer SD card as it 's more versatile . 
I 've had older Olympus cameras and they 've improved the mode selection process . 
Very light weight , more so than my old Olympus one by almost half . 
This one is about 1/4 the size of the old one and a lot easier to use . 
I got this camera for Christmas in hopes of a improved technological , lightweight camera as opposed to my aging but trustworthy although bulky Canon S50 Powershot . 
In comparison to the indoor shots I had taken on my older Canon , I found the grainy factor much worse on the 710 even though it has 2 more megapixels . 
Its a decent pocket camera but there are others in this price point that do a better job . 
The image quality was n't as good as my Olympus C-5000 5mp . 
XD cards are a tad more expensive than most of the others in addition . 
It 's by far the best of the super compacts I 've owned ( the others being Sony and the `` late '' Konica-Minolta . 
But if you want fast flash recycle times , more manual control or articulated LCD ( but no image stabilization ) , the 4-AA battery-equipped may be a better choice . 
It is a new model that improves on the previous models of the A5xx series by upping the resolution and adding , among other things , optical image stabilization . 
Just as the other cameras of the A5xx series , the A570 IS has a nice looking and durable metal/polycarbonate body that is compact and convenient to hold . 
I was disappointed to see that unlike the A550 , the A570 has a mechanical switch between shooting and review modes . 
I like the button that is used in the A550 better . 
Battery Life The A570 can take about 400 pictures on one charge of high-capacity NiMH batteries , which is a significant improvement on the previous models . 
Unlike some other cameras ( including Canon SD Digital Elph series ) that have noticeably softer edges of the frame , the photos taken with the A570 IS are sharp at the edges of the frame as well as at the center . 
Features The camera is quite similar to the new A550 model , but features larger LCD screen , optical image stabilization . 
The image quality is better than my friends cameras , which makes them a little envious . 
The pictures are better than W70 which is 7.1 mega pixels . 
They are definately better than a lot of models . 
I was already envying over the first touch screen CyberShot , the Sony-N1 ... and then the Sony-N2 , which happen to released the same time as the T50 ( September 06 ) . 
The Sony DSC-T50 is the best digital camera I 've bought in years . 
I had the DSC-T1 and this blows it away . 
The touch screen actually is an improvement over all the little hard to decipher buttons on the DSC-T30 . 
It 's very easy to use both the camera and the operating software , battery life is good and picture quality is really good , one of the best . 
Picture quality is hands down one of the best out there , 7.2 mp is more than you will ever need for a point and shoot camera , you can print huge posters with it if you desired . 
The battery perfomance is the best . 
The best camera of the year !!!! 
I ca n't imagine owning any other camera as fun and as functional as this . 
So I dont know why people are whining about picture quality , I am going from a Canon SD300 , and the pictures on the Sony look much better . 
I think this model is so much better looking then the T-100 and I love the touch screen , which is one reason I opted out of the T-100 and saved $ 120 . 
The camera does n't seem to fit as comfortably in my hand as my old Canon did . 
And all of Sony 's cases that this model appear to have been designed by a retard . 
I had enough Sony points on my credit card to get the DSC-T50 for free , and after using it for a couple weeks here 's my review : Photos taken by this new 7MP Sony are generally of lower quality than my old 4MP Canon . 
I 'm a Mac user , and the DSC-T50 does n't seem to be as compatible with iPhoto as other cameras . 
When I compare the 2 cameras , the Canon beats the Sony in all aspects except shutter speed . 
The Bottom Line If you are in the market for a 7-8MP camera , the W100 offers terrific pictures and features at a reasonable price compared to other current top tier point and shooters . 
The W70 is identical to the W100 except for omission of the manual mode and a minor cut in mega-pixels ( MP ) from 8.1 to 7.2 . 
It cost about $ 50 less too . 
It still lasts as long as the info-lithium , but you are left guessing as to how much time is left . 
It 's a cool feature , but not all that vital since Sony batteries do n't seem to die easily anyway ( at least compared to Canon batteries which I 've never had any luck with ) . 
While I found the shape of the P-series body to be awkward , the superior battery life ( compared to my previous Canon digital cameras ) won me over . 
THE FEATURES AND PERFORMANCE The W100 is about an inch shorter than original iPod ( if you can remember back that far ) . 
For a more modern day comparison it 's maybe a 1/8th of an inch thinner than the Canon SD550 . 
I 'd love it to be slimmer and weigh less , but for the features it offers and the quality of pictures it takes , it 's really an amazing piece of technology , at what is really a value price compared to the W100s top-end competition . 
So when I read that Sony discontinued the P-series line in favor of a sleeker W-series that has a more traditional square shape I was thrilled . 
To this end Sony upped the LCD size from previous W-series models to 2.5 '' . 
While the LCD is n't as sharp as I 'd like the W100s flash picks up the slack . 
The W-series is not new but the older W30 and W50 offered fewer features and a less effective lens than my 7MP P200 , so there was little incentive to make what would be at best a sideways trade . 
If you are wondering about shutter lag , the W100 is above average . 
While it is not as slim and sexy looking as the W50 , it 's more powerful , with an upgraded lens capable of taking zooming out wider and taking pictures that you can enlarge up to 20x30 ! 
The cards are about twice what other memory cards of the same size cost . 
This camera is the best buy for the money . 
I had never had one over the 5.1 resolution so I was eager to find one that took great pics with a clearer resolution and I did just that . 
These are the best pictures I have seen from a camera ! 
There is a 2.5 inch LCD it is huge compared to most cameras available these days , and It is also very crisp and clear when viewing photos on it . 
It came out awesome , and the quality was equal to a shot you 'd find in a magazine . 
They do look more crisp though . 
This is nice because its almost smaller than my wallet , and I can just put the camera ... 
Low light performance was not impressive and not much of an improvement over my 3 year old Kodak 4530 . 
I purchased the Casio Z60 for its compact size and better resolution . 
The Sony 's picture is always clearer , even at 1/3 the MP rating . 
I went with the Exilim because it was exactly that smaller and seems to be built very well , the only thing i can see having a problem with is the possibility of the LCD cracking . 
It is the very best little camera I have ever had . 
I got rid of a more expensive Olympus and bought this . 
Of the 4 cameras I have owned for taking pictures for eBay , I absolutely love this one the best . 
I think this is just as good or atleast comparable to the pricier Sony CyberShot . 
I like the thumbwheel control better on this camera than the 3 meg model . 
I love the improvements they made to it . 
I really recommend this camera to someone wanting better picture resolution especially for printing and also a for someone that ones a camera that can easily carrying around with you . 
It was so much more convenient for picture taking . 
I love the larger LCD screen . 
Incidently , the cameras in HOng Kong , were more expensive than the pricing on the internet . 
my husband bought this camera as a valentine gift for me and definitely i 'm happy satisfied simply because we bought it at a low price while the quality is good if not the best compared to high prices camera . 
If you take a picture in low level lighting and zoom all the way in to a dark area , you will see the noise , but this is typical in all compact cameras including my canon SD500 . 
However , once home I discovered that the images have considerable noise and pixelation , and are far inferior to a previous 6M pixel I owned and are about comparable with an old 2M pixel I owned . 
It seems to be less effective than the one that comes with my Panasonic FZ7 . 
I like Sony 's menus less than recent Canon menus or Panasonic ones . 
The Sony H2 is still a much better camera than likes of . 
It uses only 2 AA batteries , unlike the S3 that needs 4 of them . 
The major difference with the H1 is slightly higher resolution , smaller LCD screen ( 2 inches vs. 2.5 ) and higher ISO modes . 
But Panasonic FZ7 includes a faster-charging compact battery . 
And it is large and heavy , unlike the FZ7 . 
The H2 competes with optically-stabilized mega-zoom cameras from Panasonic and Canon ( as well as other Sony models ) and has the same kind of major features ( 12x optical zoom and optical image stabilization ) . 
The Camera Just as the H1 , the H2 itself is rather large , comparing to the and even more so in comparison to the . 
Even without batteries it is subjectively much heavier ( and much larger ) than the FZ7 , my favorite mega-zoom camera du jour . 
The H2 looks like a SLR with a pronounced handgrip , an adjustment wheel in front part of the handgrip and a sturdy mode selector wheel on the top deck . 
The direct competitors of the H2 are and , both of which are quire impressive . 
The back has a 2-inch LCD screen ( which is for some reason smaller than the H1 's 2.5 inches ) , an electronic viewfinder ( EVF ) with diopter adjustment , buttons for menu control and other functions , zoom buttons that provide 2-speed zooming . 
I bought my Sony H2 for $ 360 , which is $ 20 less than what I bought my H1 for some 10 months ago . 
The lens cap is very sturdy and is attached to the camera well , unlike the flimsy lens cap of the Canon S3 IS and semi-sturdy lens cap of the FZ7 . 
The progress is good for consumers : you get more resolution and a couple of extra features for less money . 
I find this method of setting adjustment less precise and slower than the use of buttons in the Panasonic FZ7 . 
The camera can zoom fully in about 2-3 seconds at full speed , which is not quite as fast as the Canon S3 but faster than the FZ7 . 
The camera is slower than competition in dark conditions and in burst mode . 
This is slightly better than the H1 , but not much improvement and is significantly slower than either the FZ7 or the S3 . 
Additionally , the H2 has a burst and bracketing modes that are a joke comparing to Canon S2 IS or Panasonic FZ5 , which do about 4 fps . 
The Sony H2 does about 1.5 fps at best , which is 3 times slower than the FZ7 . 
Although an improvement on the H1 ( anything would be an improvement over the 0.7 fps ) still , calling this a burst mode is a bit of a joke . 
The Bottom Line Get this if you are into photography but do n't want a more cumbersome pro cam . 
Other products as the Fuji S5000 have a better feel than this Sony . 
Also my previous camera the Sony P-93 has the same plastic casing and at the end of its life experienced the discolouring of the body because of bruises . 
The focus is ultra sharp , one of the best I 've seen in digital cameras . 
I decided for the H2 over the H5 because of its LOWER pixel count . 
The reason is that the sensor size was the same and the less the pixels the more the light they are going to store . 
Sony shipped this camera with a small sensor anyway and it is not going to give you the results attainable with a canon D400 or a Sony Alpha - That could be understandable because that are cameras costing at least Twice . 
So my advice is to go for a H2 instead of a H5 ! 
Shooting quality is better than a videocamera . 
It 's a bit smaller and lighter than most DSLRs too . 
I 'm used to much smaller on other cameras . 
It duplicates all the information on the LCD screen as well , so you do n't need to switch back-and-forth as on some cameras . 
Very much like a fully programmable DSLR . 
The flash pops up when needed and fills well ( especially compared to compact and sub-compact cameras ) . 
Again , it 's not as quick as a true SLR , but compared to other digital cameras I 've used , it 's very quick . 
I decided to pass on the H5 simply because I do n't need the extra resolution ( it 's really getting to the point where it 's overkill for the vast majority of photographers ) or expense . 
Frankly , I also thought the LCD on the H5 was too large ( yes ) and might cause more battery drain than the H2 ( I can not verify that , however ) . 
A nice `` upgrade '' to this camera ( over other Cybershot models ) is that you can use the zoom while shooting video . 
In the end , the H2 had the main features I wanted ( aperture & shutter priority , full program mode , etc. ) , was a bit smaller and lighter , and the 12x zoom would save me a lot of money compared with getting the equivalent lens ( es ) on the Pentax . 
If I have to complain about a couple things it would be these ... Burst mode is n't as quick as DSLRs ( perhaps 1.5 fps ) , but is adequate . 
Also , the Memory Stick Duo and Memory Stick PRO Duo memory is pricey compared to other formats . 
For amateur photographers , the DSLR just did n't offer much more capability , while the SLR-like H2 gave me everything I wanted , plus image stabilization ( that really works ) , movie mode , and more . 
I like that advantage over custom batteries in many cameras . 
I used to dislike the fact that Sony made you buy their `` Memory Stick '' memory modules which were always much higher priced than other memory . 
And Memory Stick Pro is one of the fastest camera memory . 
If you need a smaller camera and can get by with less zoom , I recommend the Fuji F30 . 
All are great cameras and similar in function . 
These cameras differ primarily on resolution : H1 = 5MP ; H2 = 6MP ; H5 = 7MP . 
The ISO was increased to 1000 on H2 & H5 which helps with low light conditions . 
You have the capability of a movie ( of course not as good as a video cam ) . 
The camera is a good successor to the H1 . 
It is also sleeker and sexier in my opinion . 
dispite the .5 inch decrease on the display from the H1 . 
DSC-H2 seemed to drain batteries at a higher rate than what specifications stated it would . 
With the bulk and weight close to that of a DSLR , but with none of the advantages . 
Flash takes longer than normal to recharge . 
But when I compared several images of Swiss mountains that was taken at the same time and under same light conditions , my daughter 's 4 megapixel camera produces equivalent and in some cases better images than 6 megapixel DSC-H2 . 
DSC-H2 is not even in the same league . 
The pictures looked more crisp and did n't look as dark . 
I thought about waiting for the H5 but the bigger screen means less battery life . 
I did n't know what a great camera was until I compared it to a Cannon which was the same price . 
For the price this camera can not be beat . 
Other than dSLRs , this is the best camera around in point n shot category . 
i wish that it comes with a larger sensor ( 1/1 .7 '' ) . 
The EVF is also quite easy to use unlike other digital cameras . 
Compared to the Kodak Z612 and the comparable Canon , this camera won out . 
The video quality is 640x480@30fps while TV quality is 720x480@30fps, but it looks just like it came from a video camera . 
With iso 80 , the noise is n't bad at all at 30 seconds ) * Removable main lens ( for prime focus astrophotography ) * Support for a remote control ( the self timer is the closest option I have ) * Faster burst rate ( is only once every 0.8 seconds or so ) * Slave flash ( although the greater ability to do low-light photography helps make up for this ) * More manually-configurable video mode . 
Hi Everyone , This is the best camera that I have come across . 
Regarding the cons , like any other Sony camera , sometimes it takes little time to get the click of the photograph especially when you try to capture any moving objects and also the LCD is little small . 
At the time of purchase I had read all of the reviews I could find and compared it with several other leading contenders , including the Sony DSC-H5 and the Canon S2 IS S3 IS , and concluded that it was preferable to others of similar type and price range . 
While I liked the larger screen and extra megapixal of the H5 , there seemed to be little discernable difference in the quality of the images produced , and I concluded that the additional $ 100 required for the H5 would not be a wise expenditure . 
I thought this camera felt more natural in my hands and was easier to use in actual picture taking than the Canons , although both were very good cameras . 
If you 're trying to decide between this and the H5 , the only differences are the larger screen and one more megapixel on the H5 . 
Well this is my third digital camera , and by far the best one . 
The camera performs beyond my expectations . 
For a non SLR camera this one is very hard to beat and very affordable . 
Canon 's in-camera processing is superior to Sony 's and always has been . 
The H2 's 2-inch LCD screen is smaller than the H1 's and H5 's but that 's a good thing for battery life . 
My DSC-H2 was purchased for one reason : it was at least $ 100 less than other cameras like it . 
The A540 is a step-up from the . 
The has extra 2MP of resolution , a 2-inch articulated ( rotating ) LCD screen and uses 4 AA batteries . 
The A620 is faster in operation ( power-up , shot to shot delay and especially flash recycle time ) . 
The A620 uses physically larger CCD sensor resulting in slightly less noise . 
It is larger and heavier . 
Features The A540 is a step-up from the . 
But if you want fast flash recycle times or articulated LCD , the 4-AA battery-equipped Canon PowerShot A620 7.1-Megapixel Digital Camera may be a better choice . 
It is the same imaging processor used in other cameras by Canon , including its expensive digital SLR cameras . 
The Digic II is noticeably faster than the original Digic . 
Manual Mode You can adjust both the aperture and shutter speed in the Manual mode , but you can adjust them one at a time , unlike Panasonic FZ5 , where you can adjust them simultaneously without having to jump from one to another . 
Image Quality Settings Just as other Canon cameras , the A540 lets you select between SuperFine , Fine and Normal compression levels ( regardless of resolution ) . 
Unlike some other cameras ( including Canon SD Digital Elph series ) that have noticeably softer edges of the frame , the photos taken with the A540 are sharp at the edges of the frame as well as at the center . 
This camera had a major edge for me over other recent Canon models because of its large 2.5 inch LCD display . 
Due to the larger than average LCD display , the photos even look good when viewed on the camera itself . 
I have noticed major improvement from the A80 particularly in indoor photos . 
Physical Structure The A540 looks very much like a typical Canon camera . 
I picked this camera because it is large enough to feel sturdy , but much smaller and lighter than my previous camera . 
My previous cameras had much smaller LCDs , and the bigger LCD makes a huge difference ! 
The proprietary lithiums make the camera much smaller , but with the AA 's if I forget to charge the batteries I can stop at any store and pick some up . 
This camera has way more features than I will ever use . 
While it is what most folks would consider a pocket-sized digital camera I would say it 's just a little bulkier than average , partly due to the design of the hand grip ( at which end you 'll find the battery receptacle ) . 
It 's thicker than the Nikon Coolpix L1 that I also looked at , as well as the $ 199 Sony DSC-S600 , which I considered a little sleeker . 
I think the A540 could have been made a little less boxy and a little flatter . 
Again , for a $ 279 camera that runs $ 80 more than their previous year 's model , I was expecting the 2 '' LCD to be relatively clear and crisp . 
Incredibly , the reviewers at CNet.com said this camera had less noise than other cameras in this class . 
The on-screen menu structure is the simplest of any camera I 've ever used ( much more intuitive than Nikon 's ) . 
I returned the A540 to the store - took a hefty 15 % penalty ( about $ 50 ) and bought a Sony DSC-S600 , which has fewer features and flexibility but a crisper display and better print quality at lower-light levels . 
VERDICT For most users , the Canon PowerShot A540 will be an adequate digital camera that provides a considerable amount of flexibility and more control than some of its rivals in the same megapixel class , but for more serious users it will come up short . 
The Bottom Line The Canon A540 represents an excellent choice in a point-and-shoot camera , with an optical viewfinder and a higher zoom level and more manual controls than most competing brands . 
At first I thought this was a problem with this particular camera , but some research told me that all point-and-shoot digital cameras have a problem with purple because they make their colors by blending red , green and blue . 
I double-checked this with my old camera and my wife 's old Canon S-200 and neither showed purple correctly . 
So , it appears that the A540 LCD screen shows less purple than the actual pictures have . 
These items are quite expensive , some costing more than the camera itself . 
It has the advantage of an optical viewfinder a higher zoom level and more manual controls than most competing brands . 
Battery life is average and the LCD has a lower resolution than average . 
Flash recycle time is longer than average . 
My research told me that Sony , Panasonic , Olympus , Canon , Kodak and Samsung were the most reliable brands . 
I decided on the Canon A540 for its large 2.5 '' LCD , better than average 4x optical zoom , AA battery capability and movies with sound limited only by what will fit in 1GB . 
Further , the Canon A540 had a lot more manual adjustments than similar priced models from other manufacturers . 
With the price now below $ 200 , it is hard to beat the A540 . 
USING THE A540 The A540 is a compact camera , not as small as the subcompact cameras but small enough to fit into a shirt pocket when the lens is not extended . 
The slight bulge in the case to accommodate the batteries actually makes it easier to hold the A540 in your right hand . 
The 2.5-inch LCD is a nice improvement over the smaller screens of the past . 
That means the pictures you review on the LCD will look less sharp than they would on other models , even if the actual pictures on the chip were identical . 
I decided to begin looking for a new camera because I had read that the newer ones were much faster and more capable of taking a shot the first try . 
The big difference from my old camera was that the A540 always took a good picture no matter what I aimed at rather than the `` Huh ? 
In addition , many of the newer cameras had a larger LCD screen , which would make it easier to take and view pictures . 
I think overall it 's the best currently available . 
Exposure and color balance are good , although it seems to render flesh tones a little ruddy compared to other cameras . 
The current A series models run on two AA batteries ( rather than four as in older models ) , and are therefore somewhat larger than pocket cameras using proprietary lithium-ion battery packs like Canon 's own SD series . 
The zoom control is a ring around the shutter button , and as with other Canon cameras , it 's too sensitive and tends to overshoot and need correction while adjusting the zoom . 
Canon takes advantage of the larger size to make the controls a little bigger and more comfortable to use , and to include a 4x optical zoom lens . 
Shutter button operation is smooth , with an easy half-press detent to set and check focus/exposure , not as stiff as the SD200 . 
The LCD display is big , but fairly coarse - it actually has less resolution than many smaller 2 inch or 1.8 inch displays . 
Like other such displays , it 's not bright enough to see in bright sunlight , but at least the A540 also has an optical viewfinder that zooms with the lens , which is increasingly rare on modern pocket cameras . 
Unlike many other cameras the A540 does allow zoom during shooting , but do n't get too excited - it 's digital zoom . 
Unfortunately it has exactly the same `` Canon video defect '' as the SD200 , i.e. , vertical red lines appearing where there are bright highlights in the picture . 
The USB interface is USB 2.0 on the newer Canon cameras with the Digic II processor like this one , so transfer of larger movies and photo files is faster than the previous USB 1.1 generation . 
The A540 looks and feels like a high-quality product . 
The A540 looks huge compared side-by-side to our tiny SD200 , but it really is n't all that big . 
Looking at the A540 we quickly spotted a couple of differences . 
First the LCD screen is larger . 
It also offers extra settings allowing more options for more experienced users . 
As with the A530 , the A540 is a point and shoot mid-range camera . 
At the same time , it offers greater flexibility for more experienced users . 
The 21/2 inch LCD display is a particularly welcome feature for me at nearly age 60 - everything is a LOT easier to see . 
Compared to the A70 , this camera is easy to manage , quite light ( requiring only two batteries , not the four needed by earlier models . ) 
So I graduated up to 6 mp ; doubled the quality for a camera that costs less than half of what the Pentax cost 3 years ago . 
The SD memory card the Powershot takes is the smallest and least expensive . 
Much harder to use and controls are built for tiny fingers . 
Could n't ask for a better low price camera . 
I now have to go and find batteries that will give me longer life than the kodak NiMH AA batteries.
Might as well just get alkaline disposables, or look elsewhere for a charger that comes with batteries that have better staying power.
I did a full charge of these batteries and they ran as long if not a bit longer than the Energizer batteries.
So once you calculate that these can be charged 800 times, they are a MUCH better deal than buying normal batteries all the time.
I also bought a 4 pack of the 1850mAh batteries because all the reviews said the charger came with 1700's and the 1850's were that much better.
A friend of mine bought a relatively expensive DVD player and it didn't have some of the features this unit has (albeit its a bit smaller).
I bought this player when it first came out; VHS/DVD combo players were brand new and seemed much more sensible than separate players.
The bottom line on this unit is that the DVD side looked very good and the VCR performed just about the same as my stand-alone units which I own.
The remote control that comes with the TV has no recall function, so I bought a Sony universal, which is a much better remote, that had the recall button on it.
Yet.Enter the TRV-108, a nifty little video camera that uses the HiBand 8mm format, superior to 8mm, but certainly not in the ballpark of Digital8 or DV.
The camera is equipped with a nightshot mode that actually does work, amplifying light in dark areas, making the image more visible, if green.
Hi8 is fast fading into oblivion as MiniDV takes over the world and gets cheaper.
My old hi 8 went caput after 10 years use that was very trouble free.The new one has way more features that the 100 and costs much less.
This camera performs faster and is simpler to use than my old Sony.
The image is so much better than my phone new camcorder.
We dont intend to use it on the computer so the analog camera is a better deal for us than digital.
You can also choose the battery with the higher life time.4.
The majority of analog camcoders do not offer all the features as this, along with the quality and usability, the 608 is your best bargain.It is smaller than the average and yet has the larger screen (3 inch).
Dazzle USB brings in my movies faster with no post processing time, it also produces a MPEG-1 movie.
yes the picture qulaity is a little lower then the DV's but i dont know about you but i dont want to spend 1300 (I dont know about you brother but im not made of money) on a camra im not tha picky.
They sounded better than I had expected, though seemed to struggle a bit on bass side.
I wouldn't hesitate to buy again, though would consider upgrading to one of their higher-end models if fidelity was higher on the cost/fidelity preference scale.
Image quality is excellent, but we did notice that it performs better after it has 'warmed up'.
Fade in/out options are excellent and with the 'cinema' setting gives your production that 'ER' feel.I suspect that upgrading to a higher capacity battery may be a next step, but it lasted through the kid's party with ease.
I find the quality of the pictures with this camera as good if not better than anything else without going to digital.
I needed a third camcorder with NightShot for my paranormal investigations and since I have two Mini DV's, wanted a Hi8 because they record for so much longer (tape length).
One note, the built in NightShot on this camera is at least twice as bright as the NightShot on my two newer Mini DV models.
One of them was a near-perfect match for my Palm i705 stylus, and in fact fit even better than the factory stylus in that it isn't as tight a fit.
It's working fine so far & is waaaaay cheaper that ordering a replacement from Apple.
The only downside is that it's a bit less sleek and ergonomic than the Apple.
This product is much better than the Apple OEM charger in terms of durability.
At least it works which is better that Apple's cool looking charger that doesn't work long.BEWARE OF OTHER IMITATIONS!!!!
The only problem is that it is slightly more bulky than the apple one.
Much cheaper than a new apple adapter and works just as nicely.
It is also sturdier than the apple adaptor and does not have the annoying light.
Apple's version of the same product is substantially more expensive.
I really disappointed....the charger looks different than my first ones, but it looks sturdier and better.
This one works fine, though it might charge the battery more slowly than the Apple brand charger did, or I could be imagining it.
But overall it does what it's supposed to do and it's a lot cheaper than the Apple cord.
Believe me, it's not worth the lower cost for this - just get a more expensive one that actually works.
Yes it's a lot cheaper than the other cords, but I'm just not sure its better.
This charger is a replacement for the one i lost but it works great because my G4 Battery actually last longer and this is an aftermarket charger it also maintains steady temp.
I think it's more flimsy than the Apple AC Adapter and so I question its ability to hold up to typical use in the long term.
It is not as pretty as the Apple adapter, but it's way cheaper and it does the job.
It also feels more durable than the Apple adapter, but that wasn't hard to do as the Apple one is extremely flaky.
Works just as good as the Apple chord for a lot less!
I've just had bad luck with Mac adapters.. this one is wonderfully long cord, much longer than apples' adapter..
The Macally Powerbook iBook AC adapter was much cheaper and works great.
It is is built sturdier than the Apple power cord, and best of all, it was less than half the price (Apple power cords cost you a hefty $80).
Who needs Mac accessories when you can have an equally good (or better) product like Macally powerbook Ibook ac adapter?
We turned to Amazon to order the Macally AC adapter with some trepidation because the price was lower than the Mac-made product.
A lot cheaper than the apple version but does the exact same thing.
It is sturdier than the Apple adapter, and so I feel it will last longer.
it came, it works and it is a lot cheaper than apple's outrageous replacement price
The laptop connecter is sturdier and other components appear to be adequate.
I'm very pleased with this product which costs less than half the price of Apple's sexy but hopelessly flawed accessory.
At first it appeared more durable and I only missed the lighted rim of the original a little bit.
My macally adapter is much more durable.
I read that its power output was slightly lower; frankly, I can't tell the difference.
Its power ratings are not exactly the same as the original 45W Apple adapter.
It actually charges my 12" Pbook slightly faster.
It costs less than half the original.The white brick is very light and there is a locking mechanism on the cable from the brick to the laptop.
After the cord frayed on the original, the thought of spending lots of money just to use an out of date laptop, was a bit much.This adapter gave us a less expensive alternative.
That's a lot of money for a cord that will in all probability break in around 8 months.The Macally is a great alternative - it's a lot cheaper and has been very, very durable.
It is more durable than the Apple adaptor, and it seems to expand longer too.
I actually like it better than the original one from Mac, smaller and somewhat handier.
I have ordered this for my laptop and find it is cheaper than buying one from the Apple store and works just as good.
It works fine and is a much better buy.
I take back my previous comments as now this adapter is dead, and MUCH faster than my original one.
Considerably less feeble or dangerous than the Mac adapter.
Works pretty well, but not quite as powerful as the mac one, so it takes a little longer to charge up the battery.
It quickly became a fire hazard and then broke.This power adapter is much better.
The plastic coating the wires is much thicker and sturdier than the Apple adapter.
It's a little less compact than the Apple cord and does not have the light that indicates that it is charging to the computer, but it's about 1/2 the price of those infernal Apple cords and I am happy.
I don't have one, but maybe the G3 draws less power than a G4 ibook, so 48 watt output might work fine for a G3.For some reason it is specified to also work with a G4 Powerbook.
Does that draw less power than a G4 ibook?
The Macally adapter is less than half the price, and it's built like a tank -- the wires are thicker, and the plastic is more durable.
charges a little more slowly than standard charger, but not a problem - gives full charge.
Much cheaper than Apple brand power adapter.
This adapter may not have the color-changing indicator light on the end to let you see if your laptop is fully charged or still charging, but its construction is much better than the original adapter, and I don't expect it to split open like my old one did.
it seems much more sturdy than the mac one.
I'll admit that I do miss the cool wrap-around-the-base feature of the Apple power adapter, but this one secures with velcro and is much higher quality.
Not only does this power adapter have better length, but also does not get as hot as the base of Apple's.
I love that the connection is more solid than Apple's.
The Apple one was a little easier to roll up and put away, but considering pro's and con's, this one if definitely just BETTER.
But this adapter was surprisingly worse the the original that came with the computer.They are sending me return authorization.
Still, came at a better price than Apple's and I got what I paid for.
so much more inexpensive than the apple adapter.
We have heard better sound on older VHS camcorders.
Overall, the quality was not that great, even in day-time shooting.I have a regular Sony Hi8 cam, and its low light and night capabilities are 100 times better.
I can't complain--I absolutely don't need still capabilities as I already have a much better compact digital camera than any camcorder offering.
I'm going to purchase the SCL-860 because it is same camera but newer version with image stabilization, photo mode, and remote control for $$$ ....
This is a great starter camera and I'm sure will last me until I have a better job and can afford a nice DV camera.
This samsung took better indoor shots than both the sony and jvc combined!
You think the new ones would have been better but the Samsung took way better inside shots.
If samsung ever made a hard drive camcorder with the same recording quality lens as this one I would buy it again.
The picture quality is a whole lot better than what I expected.
I gave it 5 stars because the price is cheaper than it should be.It is worth much more than it is.
But if I just compare the Cam....Samsung has far more features for the price.
The controls are awkward... even Sony's compact minidv camcorders have better buttons.
It does print slower, but I can always be guaranteed a perfect print everytime.
The printer can be tricky to install, however when I upgraded to Windows XP, XP easily set it up for me.
I recieved this printer for Christmas and I have to tell you this is the best printer I have ever used!It took me longer to take it out of the box than it took to set it up.
The Photosmart P 1215 is and older printer that is easier to use than some of the newer printers of ANY brand.
Printer ink for any of these older HP printers is relatively inexpensive and the cartridges last longer than DELL's or Epson's.
i have used many ipod, and i find no comparison between the two.the only downside, is that it is larger and bulkier than the ipod, so if you want it for everyday use, maybe an ipod would be better for you.
I thought "hm... maybe a little bit bigger than the Zen Vision M...?"
This thing is almost the exact same size as my Nintendo DS!
Think super old school Walkman but significantly heavier!
It looks similer to what was on my dell DJ which i sold 19 days after i got it.
I own the Zen Xtra, thought this was a upgrade, wrong, this unit functions like the ipod, no search function, poor screen vision and after 2 hours it froze had to remove battery to reboot.
They are better than any other bose headphone.
I bought and returned a number of the cheaper Sony alternatives after finding them dramatically inferior.
The QuietComfort 3 are the brand new version, they cost more, and they are "smaller and lighter".
The noise cancelling ability is pretty much exactly the same, and the long term comfort is FAR superior.
I feel like I'm listening to everything in a cave.As for drowning out the cafe rustle, it did that, but just slightly better than the Triports.
Those are not as comfortable, but the sound is true to life and better than I've ever heard through a pair of headphones.
Then this morning, I went to put them on my head, and the headband cracked, making them pretty much useless.I've had $50 headphones built much more solidly than these.
Although the QC2s are larger, when either pair is in its carrying case, they take up the same amount of space.
On the QC2, the build quality is even worse.
The Sony's have a more shallow ear well which touches your ear while the set is in place.
These headphones are superior.
The only two things that the JVC has over the Bose is that it has a retractable headphone plug and the headphones fold nicely together to make it more compact and easy for travel.
1) I find QC2 more comfortable than QC3 on long flights.2) Most airlines now offer decent noise cancellation phones on business and first class, but they come with proprietary connectors...so, if you want to listen to your own stuff, stick with the QC2.
He loves 'em... but I lost money in the end, so I'm not entirely happy with my experience.I'm back to using the Sony... they are a way more solid.
I was blown away by the difference.The BOSE is much lighter, more comfortable on the ears, has better noise cancellation, the sound is fantastic and far richer than the Sony.
The BOSE pouch is also better organized and has a place for business cards in case the unit is lost.
the sound is incredible.my little rio mp3 player sounds better than i would have ever imagined through these suckers.
the noise cancelling is a gimmickMy old Sennheiser Cx100 are just better for a 10th of the pricethis was my second and last Bose purchase
It seems that not only is the product inferior, but the customer service is even worse.
M&K satellites with a Yamaha subwoofer sounded way better than the Bose systems...even with the right placement.
These are expensive headphones, I paid $300 and expected them to last a bit longer than they did.
I transcribe for a living, and these headphones are better than Phillips and most of Sony's line, though I have not tried them all.
Battery life is better than the Phillips, and there is almost no feedback (the howling sound mentioned in other headphone's reviews.
They do a better job than any other headphone I've tried.
It makes the slippery silver keys much less slippery.
Need I say more?I thought there might be some awkwardness when typing but this things fits better than a condom!Highly recommend!
Mac OS X is easier to use than windows and the computer runs excellent.
The keyboard is great, and the trackpad is far superior to my old clamshell iBook.
but just because most notebooks have more that doesn't mean that this one does come with enough, all I know is that it does what I want it to do and that it moves ten times faster than my Dell desktop.
I don't understand why people always say that apple computers are much more expensive than windows computers I didn't find that to be true.
To me they were more reasonably priced than most other notebooks.
Even with the high shipping cost, these cables are much cheaper than I found elsewhere.
So if you get any HDMI cable that works, you won't get any better quality by paying for more expensive HDMI cables.
Looked at several other cables before I found these and other than being 30-50 times more expensive, there was absolutely NO benefit in using the name brands.
No need to buy $100 Monster Cable, this works the same.
For it being a more expensive unit than the 300, 500 or 650, you get less convenience employing it.
I bought a pair of the HT-8W speakers for my new room on my house to try them even though its spec.s were the same as the 38's.
It is clearer than the Sony speaker I replaced.
I finally paired them with a new receiver Onkyo TX-NR515 which has less power but much cleaner sound.
I painted the rims the same color as the ceiling, and they 'disappear' from obvious sight.
These speakers, at a quarter of the price, are equal in sound quality to my cabinet speakers and miles better than the Polk ceiling/wall speakers.
Their systems are slow and buggy and inferior compared to Elk.
This monitor has one the best CRT monitor award in more than one magazine.
The good things about this monitor are that it's brighter than my viewsonic, has more and better controlls, flat screen, and a smaller depth and footprint.
I still prefer CRT monitors to LCD screens for richer blacks and sharpness.Anyway, this beast still works well enough.
You can hold them with your hands, but I ordered a monopod, and it really helps with the stability and makes the viewing experience much more stable and enjoyable.
I'm still not satisfied with it's reliability, but it is working much better than the Zoom modem, which I now have to return.
If your needs are similar, I highly recommend this device.
While this item costs a little more than the combined modem/router/wireless units I think the extra money is worth it.I found the set up instructions a little confusing, but not a big problem.
Lower price than comparable 5 mega pixel cameras.
The cord is sturdier than the one provided by Ipod to plug into your laptop but so what if you don't get to use it.
I printed a photo from a jpeg file and compared it to the print I got from Wal-mart photo center and the Canon Pixma did a better job.
I wish the various pieces were better integrated, but overall impressive.
First of all it is definitely slower than printing via USB.
This is a much better value than getting replacements through Dell.
The fact that I got three replacement pen/styluses less expensively than a single one from the manufacturer made this gem the best internet purchase I've had in a long time!
It made my reception significantly better, however it didn't cure all my problems.
Not much better than the microscopic ones on my laptop.3.
Next time I will know better and go with Dell.
This windshield mount works better than the original one supplied with the GPS.
Worst case scenario you could probably set up your own LED lighting and it'd probably look better.
Way cheaper than buying filters for each lens
The diameter is larger than the slots of the P series filter holder.
This tuner costs more than other brands, but I feel it is well worth it.
I then purchased a more powerful cable amplifier and was able to receive 6 digital channels.
The price was much lower than other 100-400s.
It focuses much quicker than my 28-300 and can follow flying model airplanes and get the shot every time.
The sound from its lightweight speakers is at least as "present" and loud as the Saitek unit, though bass frequencies are slightly more muffled.
The Cyber Acoustics Portable is not quite as "grip friendly" as the Saitek's narrow, flatter design, which is also lighter overall in weight when used with batteries, employing 4 AAA batteries as compared to the Cyber Acoustics' 4 AAs.
This was better than a more expensive one I had purchased at the "shack"!
The only recommendation would be to make the blue indicator light a little less bright.
The sound was just really flat...not much better than my laptop's speaker, in fact.
These buds work fine, but I liked my Shure E2c better.
These are an upgrade fro me from a pair of Sony EX51s (with which I was happy, but I wanted to leave them at work).
For almost the same price, they offer a higher noise isolation, i've compared them in outdoor environments.
These earbuds are more costly and less comfortable than the $50 S**y in-the-ear phones.
Of course this is actually made by Shure not Creative but its the same price as the E2C yet as slim as the E3C.
Shure has better warranty service if you need it though and you might if you travel alot.
Can play music at much lower levels than the ear-buds that come with an iPod.
The sound quality is far superior to that of other In-Ear headphones that I've tried, namely Sony and even worse, the new Bose In-Ear Headphones.
The Aurvana sounds more articulate than PX100 in mid range.
However, Aurvana has a serious drawback in lower bass range.
I have another set of cheaper earphones that don't sound anywhere near this good or block out the noise but it has a 90 degree plug in which I dearly miss.
I have a friend with one of those, and it works drastically better.
I have it tied to my Autocom AVI pro unit and it gives very clear audio and better sterio Mp3 sound than my little Zen Mp3 player did when it was tied to the Autocom.
The Mapsource Software is not as user friendly as the MicroSoft Streets and Trips I am used to but maybe with more practice I'll become more profficient with it?.
This is my second motorcycle GPS and it definitely comes much closer to perfect than my previous one.
Awesome product, easy to learn to use, and even easier to use on the motorcycle even when moving.
My second Zumo was purchased for a second motorcycle and I did not want to just switch it from bike to bike, although that would have been a bit less costly.That said,the Zumo 550 is the best alround unit for motorcycles , especially BMW models as they come prewired for the Zumo if you buy the BMW version.
The screen although not as big as most newer units is easy to view and the brightness settings are more then adequate for visibility in a variety of lighting conditions.
The newer generation units simply look like modified versions of the significantly cheaper standard NUVI GPSs.
The Bluetooth speakerphone works OK and has an excellent phone contact lookup interface when connected (eventually I got a Motorola Rockr that gives better sound quality, but I do miss the Zumo phone features).I like the Garmin map interface much more than the others I have tried.
It calculates directions fast and aquires satelites even quicker.
The 550 is as good if not better than my factory installed car GPS.
It even works in every room of my house unlike the older garmin units that required a clear view of the sky.
Put it on the windshield clip and watched them work at the same time... Zumo is a better car GPS too.
I use the Zumo with my Scala Rider Q2, and have found that I can not get near the same volume with phone calls through the GPS as I could directly through the Q2.
After using a Garmin GPS60 in my travels, using the ZUMO 550 was a great improvement.
It makes it teriffic for motorcycle or marine use, though.However, the supplied car mount has a speaker that is much better than the majority of self-contained gps speakers that I've heard.
The Zumo is considerably lighter and smaller, it computes routes much faster, has good on-screen data arrangement, is easy to use and operate on the fly, and is fairly straight forward in operation and learning its use.
I am not interested in the Blue Tooth feature, but there are slightly better voice prompts with the 550 over the 450.
It to had a large screen, but this one is more readable with larger icons.
But the software and maps are basically the same for most GPS devices.
It does what most GPS's do....just at a significantly (outrageously) higher price.
My iPhone with Google maps gives far better, more readable maps.
It take longer to type in destinations because we are so accustom to the qwerty keyboard, the alphabetical gets confusing, strange to say.
Today, 10/6/10, I understand it's still about the same scenario as far as routing software goes.
"I have no experience with any other GPS, but I have to believe that others have a better, much better, human interface.
The Zumo finds position faster than my iWay.
It's like all Garmin units when it comes to typing in points of interest (somewhat tedious, but simple) and the accuracy is better than on my old GPS V and Nuvi.I bit the bullet and also bought the GXM30 antenna, as I use the ZUMO to listen to XM radio and it works very well for this with no additional grounding needed.
I paid close to $1,000.00 for this product and it has in some instances less capability than a basic model.
The unit is unbelievable compared to earlier units I've had ..
It couldn't bee seen much better than My Magellan in sunlight and the map area on the screen was too small due to the on screen menu items.
It is probably easier for a user to learn it that has not used a different system.
This Garmin model 5550 is supplied with more accessories than the TomTom Rider.
The Zumo has cured the many problems inherent in the older models.
Also it is so much easier to use while on the motorcycle, even while wearing gloves.Even though the CD is rudimentary, and there is no paper manual, the software is intuitive and easy to use.
Unfortunately the current Mapsource maps are not any easier to use in planning a ride on the PC than the prior offerings.Many of the back roads I use are not visible on Mapsource until the scale is down to .3 of a mile.
I purchased the Zumo 550 after seeing something very similar at the Harley shop for a good bit more money.
The screen is brighter and easier to read.
Better than all the Magelan's I have purchased over the years.
The 550 is a marked improvement over the other Garmin GPS's I have owned.I have found only one glitch in the program; it doesn't know where home is.
I bought the 810 model, which is similar.
To add to the comments above, I have had one of these cards in my system for 2 weeks now since buying a HP Media Centre, and honestly you're better off with a cheap Freeview USB stick if you want TV on your PC.
The support is excellent and the new (free) OS2008 upgrade even makes it run faster.
Picks up more local Wifi signals than both of our laptops would.-Camera is great added feature!
Also new OS has Flash 9 for smoother video.
I bought the Nokia N800 and find myself using it more than my laptop because it is faster and more convenient.
If surfing the web and playing music is what you're after then by an ipod touch as it's a much more polished device.If you add some software you can do much more.
A bit heavier but LOTS more power.
Web surfing is relatively fast and the pages are much easier to read than those found on cellphone type systems.There are some caveats, however.
If you don't need GPS and are looking for a better browser than the iPhone's Safari, this is it!A FEW WORDS OF WARNING BEFORE YOU PURCHASE THE N800 OR N810...1.
While more compact and slick, the iPhone's screen is smaller than the internet tablet.
Browsing the web is a little more challenging as you zoom in, scroll around and tap for the link you want.
It is faster.
Things are faster, simpler.Skype can now use the camera on the N800, so you now have one of the least expensive portable video conferencing devices you can buy.It really takes the N800 to the next level.
The N800 has a bigger screen and the benefit of an open OS.
Besides some other minor differences (memory card size/placement, amount of on-board ram) it is the same hardware as the N800, and the N800 is half as much as a N810.
It also seems the N800 is also more suitable for multimedia use than the N810 since you can store more data on the device.
I purchased the N800 as an upgrade from the Nokia 770, a product that was a good value.
The stereo speakers are a huge improvement and the upgraded web browser handles every web page I've visited.
The only flaw I've found with it is that its wireless reception is a bit weaker than typical notebooks, so you must be relatively closer to the router.
At home (with a personal WiFi net), it's a whole lot easier to sit down at breakfast and read my RSS newspaper feeds on the N800 than my laptop.
If you have some experience with a Unix command line interface, you'll be able to get more from this device.This was a good deal at about $200 (from Dell) or $220 (from Amazon in May 2008), which is a few bucks more expensive than a portable DVD player, and more useful while traveling.
But, it is obviously smaller than a notebook.The on-screen keyboard is surprisingly good.
It's a whole lot cheaper than most devices that fill the same function, and a great place to start with this type of tinkering.Basically, it's a hacking toy, and not for the casual user.
Didn't try video yet.- xterm, ssh, vncviewer access makes it even more powerful (And that's why it's better than an iPhone for me).
The N800 impressed me,it's small and light ,fits in a pocket.It has many great features including mp3 player ,net browser,games, alarm.The screen resolution is amazing,really clear it can show a full web page.It seems much more advanced than the IPOD Touch that I considered.
The Nokia has a larger clearer screen,built in speaker and 2 sd card slots meaning you can have great capacity,I currently have 8gb and 2gb for a total of 10gb, can always buy a 16gb card in future.
My laptop is obviously much more accommodating.
The I-phone does a better job with the visibility issue.NOKIA DOWNLOADS - I am having trouble finding just where there might be a complete list of available downloads for this great little thing.
I have downloaded a lot of my digital music, and it is easier to use for choosing selections than my daughter's mp3 player.
All the geeks on the net were drooling about the resolution on this thing, being higher than iPhone, iPod Touch etc.
Some portions of the screen is lighter than others.
Ipod Touch may have a lower resolution, but, boy, how nice it is to read internet pages on that one.
And both iPod Touch and Palm TX have smaller screens than N800.
As for web browsing, it just doesn't have the processor speed, even with the best WiFi connection, to render many sites smoothly.Nokia has provided the same software (version OS2008) to users of the N800 as runs on the newer N810.
You can use the attached webcam to take the same type of crummy photos you'd take with a cell phone.It has two SD slots, one internal, one external.
I find i use it more than my macbook.
Also, the Eee price is almost the same as I spent for all the N800 + accessories + SD memory.For day trips, the N800 is clearly the better form factor for mapping and longer battery life.Memory expansion/swapping it key.
better than carrying a laptop...
WiFi is stronger than my laptop and I am pleased with the response I get with the Web browser.
That makes it more useful.
With the Nokia N800 camera (which pops out of the top looking a little like a tiny periscope) you can take really unattractive pictures of yourself talking in your Skype calls or doing video emails to cheer your loved ones far away.Nokia N800 has a larger screen than the iPhone.
The controls on the Nokia are easier to adjust for reading.
The wireless capabilities are about the same.
It is much better than a PDA phone, since you get full web pages displayed, and much more portable than my laptop.
The built-in video conferencing is usable, but it's no replacement for desktop video conferencing solutions -- however it was actually better than some desktop programs I've tested.
If your first and foremost concern is to have media player, you're probably better off with an iPod.
If your first and foremost concern is Internet access, then the Nokia N800 is a much better choice.
Although higher-priced and newer, it is a companion model to the Nokia N800 rather than a successor or replacement.
It is priced much cheaper than the UMPCs and this is still more mobile than those.I am not one for convergence (yet).
Devices running the most recent Palm and Windows Mobile operating systems are better equipped overall than the N800.Connectivity to WiFi is a no-brainer.
Oh did I mention that all this is a little over $200 - half of what you pay for an Ipod Touch and you get so much more.
I upgraded from a Rebel XT.
The pictures are sharper, with better color and less noise than any camera I've ever used.
prints that look better and sharper than 35mm film.
I bought the EOS-5D as a "back-up" to the 1Ds but have been using it as my #1 camera due to it's superior file size and truer color rendition.
I upgraded from the EOS 20D which was also a great camera.
But, the images you get from the full frame sensor are far superior to the smaller sensor on the EOS 20D.The other reason I upgraded was the larger LCD.
If I was concerned with water proofing and more frames per second, I would have upgraded to the 1D model for about the same price.
The full sized image sensor is definitely way more subject to vignetting in the corners than my 1.6 crop factor 10D is, but I'd say it's no worse than shooting with slide film.
While the 5D may be less expensive than the so-called professional grade, the camera is more oriented toward the Pro end than the 20D (or 30D) with fewer of dial settings but more capability.
The 20D was and is a first rate camera at 8.2 and its ability to use all Canon lenses, plus the EF-S for the smaller digital image.One person cited slowness over the 20D.
Although the camera is a bit pricey at just over $3000, it is a full-frame 35mm sensored camera, and more then $4500 cheaper than the highest price full-frame CMOS sensored camera which is the Canon EOS 1DS Mark II (selling for around $7500 USD).
Additionally, the lack of a built-in flash means you'll need a bulkier, heavier flash unit.For action photographers, the 3 fps are a bit poor, especially compared to Canon's own 30D (5 fps).Additionally, the full size sensor will perform best with newer lenses.
This camera is superior in almost every way.
For example, the on/off switch is not in a great location, Nikon has a better location for this on its cameras.
The Canon is simpler to use compared to Nikons.
Shots at 1600 ISO are indistinguishable from 100 ISO at internet resolution.At full resolution, there is more noise in the shadows than there was on the EOS 20D.
We can't even dream a better camera than this for this budget.Only problem we have is that the camera is so good it shows of the defects when we use a cheap lens!
Just got the 5D..traded in my 20D...the 5D is a more solid camera with a full frame sensor...pictures are great and it is easy to use if you are familiar with the Canon system...a little pricey, but worth it!!
In reality it produced images that were softer than that of my Panasonic, which costs 5 times cheaper than the lens itself by the way.
Canon is the better camera, no doubt.
I got this as an upgrade from my 350d (rebel xt) and it is fantastic.
If you have a good collection of lenses, you will notice the upgrade in performance, though on my 28 1.8 prime, the distortion was a little more pronounced than it was on the 350d.Another thing I wish I had considered was the 5d kit (with 24-105) which offers a significant discount on the lens.
I initially bought the 5D from Amazon because they were a hundred dollars cheaper than my regular camera gear source.The camera arrived overnight and one of the buttons didn't work.
I upgraded to the 5D from a 60D, and honestly it was the best choice I have made in my photography business so far.
As I said, I went from my 60D, which had higher ISO settings, more megapixels, more frames per second, etc., and I am so happy I upgraded I can't tell you enough.
Well, this summer I upgraded to the 5D.
That approach is neat and can give you the sense that it can capture the moment quicker and easier than the Canon or Leica.
However, after using the 5D for a couple of months I find it simple and easy to use in addition to having a cleaner design with fewer buttons.
Image quality is superb overall - the 5D REALLY shines in high ISO numbers - more so than even the 1D from what I've read.
It allows you to take great, crisp photos in low light where other cameras would require a flash.The camera also is quite light while being very sturdy at the same time.
Buy several large flash cards, and a laptop with a big hard drive!The images are bigger, but the pixels are still larger in the 5D over the 20D/300D, and so much sharper.
They certainly looks sharper to me.All in all, it seems like a better, albeit slower, version of the 20D.
There is much less noise on this than my 40D at similar ISO's.However, coming from my 40D to the 5D, I've also noticed where this camera is lacking.
The 40D tends to focus much quicker in low light situations.
I've also accidentally grabbed this camera when I meant to get the 40D, and suffered from the lower frames per second capture rate of the 5D.
The full frame pictures produced by this camera with the same lenses are stellar and noticeably sharper than those on the 40D.
And it didn't take long before I understood I had a much much better camera in my hands.
i just bought the camera the other day; what an improvement to my 10D;working in the RAW format just blows my mind; like everything else you shouldupgrade to the "better lenses" (L) to live up to the quality of the camera;i have never had so much fun; just stick to buying your camera from Amazonnot from the guys in NY...
Went from a 6MP Rebel to the 20D to this and all have been great, but this is the best.Be warned, you will be very tempted to buy better glass.
The image quality is so much better than my beloved 20D.
I have been using the Canon 10D for several years and decided to upgrade to the 5D.
While the 10D was good, the 5D is much better from the photographer's point of view.For one thing it has a much faster response.
In many cases, that feature alone saves the day.Also, the Digic II processor in the 5D seems to do a much better job of analyzing the scene and setting the best combination of aperture and shutter speed.
I owned the 5D Mark II (paid $2500 for it) and now I can add my opinion to the rest -- I like the colors, the clarity, and the file size of these 5D classic pictures more than the ones I took with my 5D Mark II (which I recently sold).
More is not always better when it comes to megapixels and this camera (along with a 1Ds Mark II at 17mps) produces the most beautiful pics at sizes you can live with.
The used 1Ds Mark II also produces beautiful pics but costs about $750 more than the 5D at current used prices.
I've found that the 5D is good at focusing on and tracking moving objects while the larger bodies (the 1D and 1Ds bodies) are superb in this area.
I don't see any noise advantage in low light over the 30d(in fact iso1600 is cleaner on the 30d)The full frame lens perspective advantage cannot be overstated.
Output quality will meets most of requirement given by the client.2. Battery is interchangeable with 20/30D, so it is ideal candidate for 2 camera configuration with 20D/30D.3. As far as Portrait photography are concern, it is currently one of the best in image quality and compared to the 1DS's older design sensor, when situation is ideal, it sometimes create superior result.4. Very low ISO noise, it is really useful for anyone who frequently shoot for low available light situation.
ISO800 was useable even for the magazine purpose.5. Relatively lower shutter noise compared to the 20/30D that are helpful for some of noise sensitive shoot.6. Availability of third party add on are actually important to me when I looked for camera.
It is 12.8M pixel despite the fact it is full sensor (or Leica format) size and it is 4M pixel smaller than 1DS MKII.
It does have lower burst rate compared to 1D MKII or 20/30D that is not exactly ideal for the performance art, sports events, or outdoor bird photography.Due to that fact, I normally bring my 20D with me, so if I need decent burst rate, I will rely upon my 20D instead.3.It is not weather sealed, thus, you really cannot take it out when weather is not exactly ideal without shortening camera's life.
Visually it performs better than anything else I've seen.
However, I do prefer to use my faster 30D for sporting events where speed is of the essence.I'm a semi-pro; I've been taking picture for over 20 years.
A 50mm lens gives the same field of view as a 50mm lens on a film camera.
In fact, the 5D performs even better at high ISO speed ratings 800 and above than the more than double cost 1dsMKII.Large LCD Screen - the screen is much larger than on previous cameras, including the 1dsMKII.
It's very 'photographic' and while it's not that bright when outdoors in the sunlight, it's quite nice and usable still.Form Factor - it has a smaller form factor than the higher pro cameras and is not very heavy.
It has a bright viewfinder, thanks to a larger mirror.
Overall, this is an excellent camera, I just wish it was cheaper.
My $600 5D-MI blows away the 7D in IQ time and time again.I'm looking to upgrade to a Mark II but will be sad to let go of my first full frame DSLR...
I love what the full frame gives you for landscapes as well.It's as easy to use as the 30D and easier than the XT (due to the selection wheel).Fabulous camera.
Its a little larger and heavier than my 40D, but it is by no means unmanageable.
I just upgraded from the Rebel XTI and can't believe the difference in clarity!
They bring out the 5D I believe 4 years ago at a price way lower than the 1DSII variation and even better than the used price of the 1DS and it sells like bonkers.
I upgraded from the Canon 20D, and I am enjoying the additional bulwark of size and detail from my new images.
The body is slightly bigger, feeling more robust.
The controls are easier to use than previous digital cameras that I've owned.
Now that Kodak is out of the picture, your choices are the EOS 5D or the 1DS Mark II, which costs more than twice as much.You do have to give up a few things, such as a super-fast frame rate for continuous shooting, but the 5D has the resolution you need for top-quality images, and the ability to get true wide angle perspectives from your EF lenses.
So, I decided to move to full frame digital with the 5D and 24-105L lens forming its base.The 5D produces some really outstanding images with the 24-105L (and other) lens, but images are not truly distinguishable from or remarkably better than what I had been getting from my 30D.
The improvement is certainly not worth the difference in camera price.
Get a 5D Mk II if you want to take great movies too.The 5D MkI is better than every other DSLR for a few reasons:1.
The pixels are larger than any other professional-caliber camera2.
The sensor is full frame, 3X larger than low cost DSLRs3.
This camera was so easy for me to get a handle on, and the pictures came out so much better than my already excellent Rebel XTI.
